 boy running racesing club. He was coming home to missile. His home. He had a lie. He knew that day of the running away for many years of his troubles. He was called him with a fearless child who had completely lived deep blue colourful life. He had a three year old and he had passed by a group of his potential sizes, when he was squir. He felt like three years old age, with his owners. He moved a lifetime. He was joined his dad living through lectured life and he loved playing the youth, young age. Every winter. He wanted toy youth, he loved walking in his curiosity. He had been in taking some age, butter, and he was called home and he wanted to kicking different gestr learning anly told him playing Playing, never as long ago, enthusi. The emotcare. He was alone age and one, since

length: 256, time: 4.775000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.612565
main thread - user: 4.7656 s, system: 0.0560 s
 One day, a humble dog named Max wanted to find a new ball of light, fast dog. He had his family who met a long, gentle life in his owner, old friend. Max had known chase was a bit of a veterin, and he wanted to beef. He wanted to teach. He doesn'sal. He wanted to live in how fast dog friends, but his owner. He wanted a family to belong. He needed to find him the dog called a lot of his new family. They were the two people. Max was the puppy and wanted to be able to come and had to find where he could beef, and he wanted him knowledge, and decided toy and furry, and he wanted to beef, butter that nightmaker was very special place he didn'd the ending. He asked. He could beef. He couldn's. Soon, so often had no matter, and he wanted to know not seen it wash, a little one that he liked to have even the same. It't't, and he was also a pet, butter was always slow and one, butter he could run away to help. He wanted to live.
<s>
 Once, he

length: 256, time: 4.591000 s, achieved tok/s: 55.761272
main thread - user: 4.5904 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a boy who wanted to win a special day healing. He was in the village. It was so farmer. Everyday when he went to have success. He went by a special year. The farmer, he went about least very cold and he said he thought that day, but winter, butter. He was overall alone, but he decided he went to makeup! He had to think was strong and he was a law. Sad and one feeling different and he felt sad, butter. He could describe apple, every day and as he was happy on the wings before helping the day he knows that'd he felt hot and he needed a school to sellenny, he was a lotion, there was worth it was lifbarended. He knew he was about his life. He had to beef or in the village and he was the only that day, he felt fun, butter studying and he knew he felt sunk!
<s>
 One daybars was the cold and he hoped and he was the time, butter somebody else. He would never simply the urge to bears of all alone, because he wanted someone else. He told him again. He
<s>
 Once to makeed because

length: 256, time: 4.696000 s, achieved tok/s: 54.514480
main thread - user: 4.6927 s, system: 0.0480 s
 One day, a little boy named Tom and he found himself when he went out his name, he went to the zoo eyes in the top of his family of his dad was home. He walked around his parents'dies was especially far from living, with a supply. He had a crowd of his name. He was filled toy because he wanted the paras; he had come across the spring, butter. He noticed. He wanted new home, butter that day that was contented. He left, butter who was filled with a cop for a long, to bears, "Where he recognised himself and he felt hidden aut whole town, butter, so many youngest he was of his family in need to doggy mallocph began to be introduce a gonna and he was a new family, because he had a few miles away for a bit mistakes, so many countries searching ahead of each one day. It was a chance to the challenge. Today, looking for life bigger and he had to peodled it toy. Everywhere with a helping him to the mother's and his energy left home hardly a while, and he had only one. He had noticed his home, and a closer in an eag

length: 256, time: 4.754000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.849390
main thread - user: 4.7524 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit hopper who was quiet fox who wanted to explore the forest. He was faster than a single day. He loved exploring and it. He loved to explore the hiding, he liked explorer who lived and seek. Everywhere of explored deep and he had to a bear, mischiev courage and wanted finding the forest by a million and he thought he was his burnot jumped anywhere he found himself, so fast forest around. He was pleased and enjoyed Halloweitessfully dries, a house and he was having a great adventure, he found himself and he wanted to live, and it, a lot of the ended to explore the farther and he was within the world, fast and he could finding fast and he had a lot of adventure, butter the bright and frozen and curiosity: the unknown. He went on his adventure, and he was full of all of the day.
One day to this experience!
<s>
 Once, the foolish was that he almostground, he saw, butter. He was nothing before he found himself in a room at day. He never discovering to the challengeed to his light and found himself, he wanted to

length: 256, time: 4.787000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.478170
main thread - user: 4.7881 s, system: 0.0440 s
 Once upon a time, in a beautiful jung tale, quiet nation was the sky filled life, sun. The sun was shor measures. Everywhere in the sun was hot summer season changed nature spreading, nature. Everywhere above the world was bright and there was beautiful, not so sun was theBerobals of beauty in the big mountains and sunset, blue and the night sky filled with a beautiful nature was about the majestic, wild, blue and the sky, two glimening and the world, covered and the world. Ass of the country a star sky. The days when everyone: the light. The summer, sunset, happy sunOne day as moon, happy and there were short and the day. A breained season as dark clouds spreading the space and the yellow of life. Everyone. One sorts of the importance of beautys of the night. The world and the mysterious one of summer air around it was full and the world and the shLP brightest of wonder he even the night, happy sun was filled and the east. The star, happy, the world. In factadow. The sky filled sky filled the featter was calm and the people. The land below of life.
<s>
 Once summer

length: 256, time: 5.284000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.448145
main thread - user: 5.2047 s, system: 0.1240 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little boy called Davey. He was walking through a house. He enjoyed life. He was himself in a different barach - they walked far away with a big brother and he was grandad and he was contented, softly. He had grown and he was strong enough toddled and he felt the pointy life. He kept walking through a slow and he saw many miles up ahead of aweation of being too young and happy. As he encountered full of a longly in his way todder strong and ancient and weeze. After walking in the world. But the village up ahead of a few miles later, however he was turning two and he wasn'trel, but worth his problems, holding by the spirit, the distantcle mes. His mumsth his journey home in turt, the skinny neighbours of the importance in the world. When he slow pace of a few moments of nature. When he smel of his journey of his journey left back of his dreams of one of a bit mistakes, as he noticed when the
<s>
 Once, old separatelying journey to experience, he had no matter not always the day that day, he followed. He met on the

length: 256, time: 5.162000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.593181
main thread - user: 5.0917 s, system: 0.1200 s
 Once upon a time, there was a parrot. It was a big, hard-ted little bird and itch-t time, round mouse. The squir - itcha was a bessions. It was a Buzz and he never liked toy, white bird. He was a chir. He was a bird that day itch-lelted with zebia and he was happy fly. He was so of an animal in person who had a body. He lived for a long, thin like a long and spicy, lonely company of many tiny blia meant early, like a bit strange adventure, asked it really tangled old and his decision - he was a few days ago and he had a different turtle.
<s>
 Once, True. Every day in the one and still and happier than to wear the egg. The deaf bird cane-in. Even the day, freezing, and when he was busy him had gone, until he could beak- may have someone't time. He was like a friend. He had no mattering gracious little bird, and he never like a mysterious old self. When he was an adventure. He was an ornrier flighting bird

length: 256, time: 5.146000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.747377
main thread - user: 5.1201 s, system: 0.0800 s
 Lily and Ben am only two years old things. They like to solve ouradows. One day, you are now. They like to see you are two. Can us here. We... explore?"
"How is two lives. We don'tier places in factories are the age, butter, sweet boys who convors, until then?".
<s>
 Lily, Anna and we seeing that makes a weekend. They are two kids?"
Lily and thirsty-off. Yes, butter. Going an adventure and maybe on the weekal means toys. Do you two year!"
Lily, butter nature toys can'llies. Which means 3 are you are the sunny and bears. I know a weekend years and everyone you two, Lily. Wee-end. How is four years we don'lleseds like that day?".
"Year this is so much more of course, Lisa and Fairy-pions is one year old things with encouragement. Can't ones don't they are 15? I." 10 rag, we can’dies are two children who are even happier and five?"

length: 256, time: 4.993000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.271780
main thread - user: 4.9917 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a lady who was a little boy who was very small girl. She was walking through a forest. She was walking through the meadow arms flaasoe traursing her life. She called brave dog. She went todder, walking in the woods ever distant window in Spanish, she went toddling, a hearting through the woods. She called a fieldmired reachlet. Every morning until she visited the forest, she visited the spell. She went from sky, with many miles. She was surrounded by the sky. As she had a lovely and she passed. Everywhere in the ranway, she felt something in the forest, butter, a long and she spotted her village where she met inched hands. She stopped struggling hardworking winter. She passed by a bree trip was a whole forest. Winter and her journey back of the world and with no matter was so farmer and she—alky ago, skip, stump and she was lost miles into their street, her walk, she wanted to the forest, different valley or a wise means, which had gone. She had now a colorful daughter, and it led their journey was in the woods. Everywhere in need to

length: 256, time: 4.962000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.592100
main thread - user: 4.9510 s, system: 0.0640 s
 Once upon a time, there was a nosy little girl named Kate who was walking in the city and her mother. She came across a little girl. She wanted to merma thick furry because she started to exploreing in a while. She went on her first time there was happy because she had toddee. She was walking and she was asking she saw her handcutter. As she liked to the out who was often she was going on her way from walking in the woods. One way on her daughter'dled, she met a while, butter wanted to a girl. She had a heart full of courageous foam and she cops, walking across the forest with nobured through a tinked to choose. She was recommended that day to her search for a bit triure when she was the big kid. The corner in the heavens, she was full of her closely and her journey in the other side by the journey ahead. F lives and she went by the head. She wore her first time. She noticed that day, she had a long way her brave. She wanted todder in front pony. When she kept an amazing Uncle. She wanted to the guide, only nation and she had a mechan

length: 256, time: 4.964000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.571313
main thread - user: 4.9607 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a lively forest in the east. The day was high mountains was starting day, tall trees! The land was dark and it was full of summer even so tall, the same farmer. The forest. But when wide sun was filled with lots of summer bree. A huge world so farmer and there that day, the thick land filled days, but winter. The mountains, the town. Every day, the mountain. There, surrounded by a big, p worth below of the snowy days. The hills and the mountains and the days. The sun was full of the whole down in the day. The city shade of summer tall and the sun shor sawing in town destroyedised earth, sun made it would displayed miles west, orange sky knew of the sky, farms of summer, summer seasoned summer season of the dust sky. Sudelern of summer around nature would beaches was full of the city and days, day. Weids, sun. The snow for days and there was very high buildings, but winter airbete summer’s of the summer, the land from winter. The summer burnious summer. icy days and soon when it had gone in the seasonful surrounded by winter

length: 256, time: 4.932000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.905921
main thread - user: 4.8826 s, system: 0.1080 s
 Lily and Ben are twins. She likesine is a dog dogs. She lives in the cat and Ben and Tom and Mom and Rex. She is her dog is a dog. She and Rex. He is her knoolly. He is his name is his home. He is walking and he likes. He likes. She is his best friends. He likes. He plays. She is not know she is her name is very loyal and his dog Sam. He likes, butter. They like toy'sers. He does not a cat. She is small and he likes. He likes. He likes. He is alone. She likes. Spoty, but he is brave. He is his name. Because of his home: Spot is dogs and Rex and loves. He is a bad dog Anna being sorry. He is too."
Ben and Rex, but small and his dog. She is his dog. He is Spot is a dog, she lives. They like Mom is his best friends. Ben and her cat. He is not so old. Maybe he does he likes and Spot. He is his dog. She is a

length: 256, time: 5.121000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.990236
main thread - user: 5.0732 s, system: 0.1000 s
 Once upon a time, there was a car ride. mechanic car ride in a store outside of a hospital car ride, there was driving around town full of a car. There were its town. Every day. It was filled with a small, and there, as the mechanic steel door. It because there was a family. The mechanic loved and it couldn't excitement had a man who was known for a long, it had nood parking tank from the town that day and it was full of the mechanic that he had a mechanic of each of a mechanic, it was a mechanic floor and he neededaver, the furry of an impat. He had arrived and it. Today, the mechanic: Wednesine. He changed. It was full of the vehicle, butcher was full of life and the same wealthy hail had come, vibrist mechanic. The happily workingshop - there, a lot of a delighted “Gonnaian feeling of a mechanic: the mechanic repairing the engine and the engine loaded, but rep Cape success. Little Johnny. He shortly. He was a mechanic journey. This because it that job he was todder. The townly living

length: 256, time: 5.079000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.403623
main thread - user: 5.0805 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Jane. She went outside and she saw a bear who wanted to go for a wagon in the tall tree on her petalsenled summer. She went to ride a wonderful adventure. As she walked, they were alone, and she sadly explored because she grew sweet little one runs, every day to collecting, with courage again. She came to a puff bank hot summer. People'llard to exploreed out to the east, with her pleasure and she loved to the night, so much tire. Everywhere in her journey, she had to view of thanks. Her house. This flower petals full of adventure, near the strong, butter, the journey ahead of life. Again, as long, wherever she was night.
<s>
 One dayways, and strolling and she enjoyed them overcively and she said, further than hers for a walk in the warm winter had sat a bites of her arms. She walked with all alone, so much closer, she felt much light courage in the exciting, and wished for Hall backwards shoes for a sudden who she saw. As she had much bigger and she could beady fashion helper job of the evening

length: 256, time: 5.091000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.284816
main thread - user: 5.0876 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lucy. She was very happy and she was on a beautiful and she was feeling sleepy woman. She was a star, day when she went to doctors, so tired girl who was always quiet and she went to picking in the night floating in the night before time. In her way. She was laughing. She walked in the nighted into the night, so much uncertain, she had a change. She went to the night going away, she was very easy - she never early Marching, butter, she had nothing else to the nighttime and never a bites of feeling the night. She met a few weeks afterwards and she was a separate ways. She ranals! She followed. When she had to the nighttime more peaceful, tonly delivered her chilly decided todder illd from coming last soon learned that night before she had moved. She had to wear a faint, and the nightm comed by one spot forgotten; she was feeling of excitement because she explorer saved in the night, this evening, soleep, her journey and the same. When she had a night by a few night and the night. Even though, she had passed herself and she was

length: 256, time: 4.845000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.837977
main thread - user: 4.8413 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was an ordinary boy named Harry who was himself. He wagon, though a big family of all alone playsfully had a fat,ouse. He was strong and he had one day and fr afloat. He soon every day in the life in the next day he ambit and he moved by the farm and his heart had no mattering his life. He had arrived, he liked to worryed himself so much farther than himself, never unsure. He had to doomed bear. He was ready. He was curious and his sad and he decided that morning that day before he decl could never one, he did while his face a helplings. In fact that nightmired, butter taught him earned, he was the challengeed hesiously gone inside of miles of a ”It was to conquered experience to bears in a pointy feeling something he started being happier than the chance to search to have never the day before he could move that day later he walked to this, he learned that day and he soon after a few weeks. He had brought overst astonished feeling the day had to a change. icy winter, he started his home, until it seemed a lot of life. He started to never

length: 256, time: 5.233000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.920313
main thread - user: 5.1516 s, system: 0.1440 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Bob. He was walking through the park between his search for his walks in an original knowledge. Sitting toy did he would lead, however a short ago, and he didn't, until he never doing his knowledge butter Jill, and discovered aweanariansy country and head, butter Tad and he had hung his unknown judglowing this day by the day after day and he knew which weekend in return. He had a long near a wise choice and he had found the village. As he't, he finally in life. Even the end of an experience had come from self-ming persistence. His discovery that he had helped plan to faithing the world. He was an example, he had suddenly: he found himself who he was lost and his dreaming, butter, he found himself. He was an adventure, after weeks had to experience this journey which led the mysterious adventure. He was always he could expect. icy days around his journey with each day of his journey he did with a cave, he managed to an expert ideas quickly, he was anshop regret his foot he's and he had no mattered to

length: 256, time: 5.314000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.174633
main thread - user: 5.3088 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a clever little girl named Mia. One day, she was walking streetlight, been a young girl who had just like herself. She realized that day at no mattering warm summer’s of course toow. She was in the night she was a happy. One day, she had been walking in the sky, and she had a little imagination, butter, and the ordinary adventure to many days ahead of her fingersing the nights later, and she wanted todder season, and her home of courageous cold, and she was cold days. She felt something she wasn'ditted because the pair, butter with her life. The nightmation. Every night of course, always toadowed, she had reached the freezing and that day that nights of all alone, no mattering with a few days of the night and as she was the dreams of energy. She was a lifetime. She had showner might no mattering warm winter. But on her heart means summer. She was coming from little songs that nights of her steps ahead of luxure and it! She often, she was the moon, she had heard to the joy; she happily sore alien,

length: 256, time: 5.089000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.304579
main thread - user: 5.0031 s, system: 0.1400 s
 Once upon a time, there was a playful lion who lived a Tiger and heel was in the peet, there was the king of the king of the jolly lived in the smart monkey who was a very happy bears of his adventurion who was a group of the jung. He had a giraffe't-in of a farmer. He was a family, farmer of the king one, young one who lived happier and one in the eagerday, excited, wise one big night. They ago. All aloneest of the lucky fields of explore. They lived in its prince who lived in the night before him. He had gone. He had a very dark and it. One day at the town in his family who lived a lazy hungry forest in the whole nation, wise old ever so layer. He would full of the pair, modern king of his story. The happiest kingdom, young zebight! He had kept inspired, lunch by a hut, old age, happy and itchy, eager child, happy and full of his routine between him. Everyday. No winter from the eagons, furryaten he jumping his storyless king of a lifetime.

length: 256, time: 5.275000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.530806
main thread - user: 5.2747 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy, she wanted to go swari. She wanted to go to travel. She went on an adventure, she wanted to go somewhere so much bigger and she wanted to explore the sunrise. She was a very adventure outside of her owning and she went out for a famous journey. She wanted her way for a surprise and she had to go on her own the journey, but alive quickly to go. She was to explore, one adventure to climbing ahead of her journey. She saw. This way, butter, so far away, and her owners. As she had it. She saw dangerous journey ahead. As she wanted to investigate, she wanted to find her journey and escaped from her train trip further away, she decided to find it! She followed. She wasn't she went on an adventure. First place in search for the open to the journey, independent. She went to goway very doves into the adventure to go met an adventure on a different speedy trip she hoped she had more adventure to the first day she reached outdoed to take her journeyed the usual, and fleas of her surprise, key. She had to go

length: 256, time: 5.328000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.048048
main thread - user: 5.3326 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a 3 year old man and Jane, sad puff who had something very strange adventure. He lived in a very sad - he wanted to himself on his shak. He was in need to picking him ever so long, unknown, normal life, a different than he had been going to beamed and he could beaten tight decision - an old life. He had nothing special from happen and he needed to never knowing that he had a few miles away from seeing. His life. He had stopped himself, because he had just the home which he felt that day he couldn't he was a crackled him, but he was very brave enough life. He was a big hopesed to be able to have started to beoped into a problem - why he had no careless he was a lot of like he needed a task. He felt like it that despite his life in this. He died out of being alone. He was meant him and he had no life, but he wanted to startled, so young enough, alone and so much wiggled him relyor in disotted only becoming a wonderful experience that life in the troubledBad fears of his lifeweion. Everywhere because he felt

length: 256, time: 5.011000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.087607
main thread - user: 5.0080 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small sheep, Peter and one day, Jim and Jack was walking in a puffly, one deep outside a fielded meowing river of course farmer. He was acer, he was surrounded by a hollow forest. Suddening friendly, he liked cutting down there. He often, he wanted to finds of course, lived a boat which he ventured pond, but the Millie loved to saveation of adventure, full of course. He explor of course to the barrier than the farmer, and he knew he noticed a carelessly bank of course to him. The endless humdriver, he had gone, butter - feeling that day, butter, he decided that exploringse was a small pondrater of course to the mill. He was a bit later in a hunter, a small three, and he had now surrounded by his journeyed and confusion him noon, butter, so farmer and he had the hard and chase.
"Thankful landed who was a destination. Peopleern for joyfully lost and he was determined. He had a bit hesit towards the sunny who was expecting years as long and he had

length: 256, time: 5.295000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.347498
main thread - user: 5.2997 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a wealthy lion living farmer of a family of the kingdom. He was doing histidy nature. He couldn't seen theakte of the horse and he deserfully taking him window. He was a farmer, butcher of the queen who was like a long, a young again on his son who was fierce. He had a very small girl who was shor of his country. He went to live, and he had no pieces of his way with alligar he had to provide around the journey. He immediately. He had a accept. He had enough among the farmer't, to shelter of the man, small youngested life, and the curious age was a safari Caroline and proud husband. The kingdoms of the young vata, butter son, happy life, his among the whole world. He had todder family that offer of the wealthy life and he had had a woman's of his kingdom and somebody who there was now, sadness and he was meant among the elexit, eagerly a group of his life - he could seeed life, a veterinated situation to his country. He had to capture themselves. He had to prove to

length: 256, time: 5.291000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.384048
main thread - user: 5.2931 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a youth. The meowber was an elderly, families, ourBob and they alligator, thal youth. The memless daughter who were out. They lived in a soul who was called guards of the family who never seen. A certain croappy and they had never living in a person who lived farmer who lived in a kindly woman who was healthy living in eat and their daughter, a gifted them lived outside together. Aweed life. They were able lives underweed life with no mattered out of the same; they all alone children who had her child and they had no able family that day and lived in the child of their bodies search for a pair, butcher were one family, ever as they stayed in need to help. They were never remembered their hearts. Every winter before hearted life in dangerous situation that day, like you. They had a lot of each kind, who had come with no mattered lives in the child, they tried about life as they had figured themselves. They had
<s>
 Once, butter. They had a h accuracy all upst that day. They had more kind and the family around them All overing the impact in

length: 256, time: 5.296000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.338369
main thread - user: 5.3001 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a young boy named John. He wanted to take a bit brother and he looked out of his heart that day he shared his guard for a grave, theretted pocket never coming hard work sticky find himself. Everywhere to fly. He had somewhere in the most amazing wise and he wanted to makeup and he struggled in the best friend, his life. He knew that day after even though he had chosen to bee-runing to the end. He was not just one cup could forgetful ideas for a power of hesitation and hisuses he never forgotten. He had to dogging for awhile they felt that day ahead of light he had a bit of lay his dream of excitement and he never to dogging about the time. He had not regret was to wait, and he had to take every time of dream. He hardly forgotten; he hadn't weaker: he had been struggling as long as he had the idea. He fulering. But when he could beaming determiness and he had finally spent a delighted to makement to the day as he had something he returned.. budd the world before him costlyever he had been to have been deed than he had

length: 256, time: 5.625000 s, achieved tok/s: 45.511111
main thread - user: 5.4175 s, system: 0.2599 s
 Once upon a time, there was a fat, there was a smelly bear named Henry. He decided he was living deep and he living in a happy but he was walking. He wanted to have been out of a long, he knew that day, and one day. He wanted to carry little rocks. He never wanting to find a happy away and he continued. Everything of trying to snot than usual, he had no mattering and energetless life, but he dreaming about food, a little girl, he kept going his journeying, always really farmer, butter it was outside of course, a very huniness, he hoped he became much bigger, but he mustering yourself. He decided to never alone and he knew that his own the courage and he had to explore. He wanted to explore and he could take a mumering curseed. On his mind. He felt like this forest, because he was indeed! He didn't, though, but his journey. He was comfortableedly and his adventure with no mattering to beeid not for days with no mattering because he never giving the ways and march, so close by himself. He should to explore. In the journeyed for a longing to take

length: 256, time: 5.186000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.363671
main thread - user: 5.1777 s, system: 0.0680 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy who was in her school. She went to school. She was a long and she'dcer trip-girl came in the town. She was playing with her school, clean school. She was playing in the responsibility. She had to work and her class and she had a pupil noticed a lot of school and all alone from school at school, it. She was the family. Every morning, it was playingground. Every day, she spent by herself. She was no regular responsible. All overdog, she felt the same age, and her new school and she hadn'dancers was a lot of her school given a long and had to meet a sur Dead and her class of the school of her school. She only lending time of class. When winter time called the school. She breaks. She was of theesch else. She was so much nicer feeling it was a lot of her classroom ranway in school'dicked, butter, she had a little girls. She wasbird-weight, butter, while a lot of her class. She loved writing to learnles and the age and she knew that day sports school, she had it was full of

length: 256, time: 5.628000 s, achieved tok/s: 45.486851
main thread - user: 5.6291 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a poor little boy, upon a time, there was in a young boy called Joe who was a houseward and he did he was very happy andaughty bucket of course, creatures that year above. Everywhere in the darkness. He was playing Sandy: it. He had to hesitary that day, the night before him standing very scared that day in a lot of the unknown came to dogging man. But he had no amount of life. He had never seen what the night he had grown upstance. He was cry. He was unfriendly been known forese he past his hearted night butter he had no mattering to stay. He had trioloaded he had hunger and he had no mattered to beings had died year he had much lowerfully sha silver, he had got the spirit he had his life. He had the night in unutored alone, urge and he had come to face the brightness was a very curious, he had a deep, he grew a terrible regret. He was like that morning he had to a disobsing for mistakes of life and he had Joe, because his face about to have expected and he had come

length: 256, time: 5.627000 s, achieved tok/s: 45.494935
main thread - user: 5.6273 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a tiger who was a little boy who was a 3 year old man who liked tospear of a boy. He wanted to learn howling vegetables. He was a lot of hisпреде, healing boy who lived outside and he used to understandised heated caring. All around and he was loud. He was using a lot of the one, butter, he didn'd it. He needed a leader, though, he was very ignorantly ants walking with noaker himself, his owned him. He lost. His country - he met a long he felt nice person who was happy and he loved in a lot of warned that day had a few years ago and a bit bravery, but he had to understanding about the passion in need to be dressed but he was feeling he't. He had to take hisNow, tiredness was sorry and needed to bears and ignored one he wanted to sellver. He was a long and he needed help, he had no mattering for warmed up his age. The consequences of him that he would doctors, he could bears, butter, butter that he needed to helpers. Every night when he hoped

length: 256, time: 5.430000 s, achieved tok/s: 47.145488
main thread - user: 5.4264 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a thief who was a young boy with lots of a younger child. He wanted to leave. He was very fragile one person who wanted to bee, only onewhere in the city of his freedom and he had gone to bee-n, only one day, but he wanted to doomed animal situations. The person who always forgetful person who wanted to bee-es. He was after one long, brave wanting to carry a house. The first time to goat. He wanted the choice. Then he had another direction, but last before him had to finish for his steps he was he had to live and so farmer. He was greed in the day, not one way to payily had encountered
<s>
 One day. He knew it that way. He couldn't knew that day as he wanted to make-free shoulder-ingly wanted to escape. This field and his owned longer than to pay despite that day when he had to doctors of his owners he was too deep..." He wanted to leave the village. He went on his wings for the surment, and he was to agreeing himself and the first time. Everyone who left than to surv overcome his owners had saved

length: 256, time: 5.385000 s, achieved tok/s: 47.539461
main thread - user: 5.3906 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, a small, there was a modern little girl who was cold girl who was walking around her mommy. She was walking. She started walking in the woods near a friendly park. She had been strand in the woodsall the woods. As she was walking through the town. She discovered the woods. She noticed her house. She stopped in the trees bent streaming between for miles down in the woods around the woods. She was walking in the woods, in the woods.
The tall green forest. She saw. She walked a village and she had no miles ahead in a nearby woods and she saw, she noticed the woods, day on fire and she heard all alone, she had no grownumy and she didn's of a mountain, she felt the pup and she met a bridge over there, and the woods and she was an area, and she saw. Most of zero of peaceful forest, that day as often minute. She was a distant path of her path, she knew that day, sno time, butter of the wild, and she was to the woods and she noticed a cold and the forest gathering for times when she was the bright green trees, the thick him went onelf, and she was

length: 256, time: 4.848000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.805281
main thread - user: 4.7770 s, system: 0.1240 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Joe decided to explore the woods. He was only panda who was a little boy who was walking through the forest. He was walking in the woods in the forest near a mountain far away through the forest. The woods and he had no year called his names, difficult. He walked. He found himself, one distant and he wanted to leave when he was a forest, with lots of his country trave, and the woods filled winter.
<s>
 One day, near a forest. He was so many houses and he didn't soon after much as long escape, the forest. He saw path that day. The woods. He came to stay, butancland, and he had always so far away in the park in need to his life. As he had none to observe. He had been long, and he could beaming mountain'd else, looking into the meadows of style with a long, and he needed to another ordinary life was once of keeping a young enough. He had the wild and no mattering it because he had never a few days of his new adventure, and he got his heart evil-loved kind of his adventure he met a whisper. When he never leaving

length: 256, time: 4.991000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.292326
main thread - user: 4.9873 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Lucy who had a lovely hairy, she was a parrot. She flea. She was very proudised as long and happy in the free. She was very happy and she about toddler who lived in a friend and she had lost and kind and she was in particular - she had one very close. Everyday she was an elephant. She was a long didn'tled eaten in her heart and hungry. She had placed her life. She could hardly deep and she wasn'tled, old channel, eat in her owners of her beding and loved toast - she learned her life. She had no mattered fever size and she was a happier fact – so fast, loved playing in life. She was a different selfless hurried. Lucy who was so much bigger blue and a cheater that day in her days, full of feeling herself. She was taken all in treeor in her imagination. One day than her life. She was flexible, years todder a group of dreamed by aweaning and a special life. She never hoor of a goodbye wherever she wanted to doctors and she knew that she didn

length: 256, time: 4.935000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.874367
main thread - user: 4.9291 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named frame. Every morning, she flea who was so young ladybug, when she went outside was so high, she felt very hungry, she spoiled casts of the sunly wrune with her wings and in the day, and the left sideer a prey mouse. Aheaded, three small rabbit oldnight hive deed towards a bit lonely living on a tree. She felt like that day she was completely. She found her dinner full of time, three years, and she was high she marched around discovered that day. She tremurge and set. The sunshone. She said: she was slow enough time to her fingers were able to a bit hungry, a little  less early in need to performer getting the sweet and a little girl. She walked along the shop and she knew it and she had managed to another patient enough to the furry, butter, and one, butter living in the night before herbsed for help of being in peaceful. She began the biggest and she knew that
<s>
 Once upon a friend'd overing her bare hearted for the setting, her featful unlursed: the ro

length: 256, time: 5.006000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.138634
main thread - user: 5.0107 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Sammy. He was getting a baby's of sure that day, he very excited. He was out of his way. Healed. He was so happy, but he had come from his best friends, who wanted to go on his loyal and he was thangers could hear when he wanted to sit in the energy. He was called it. But it. He felt like his name: every day. He had come from all of feeling a new neighbor of himself who needed a whole and he had a lot of himself. He saw anymore happy and in the sunny. He wanted to be successful! But one, he had enough, butter new adventure lazyborn because of the end. He was actually one wherever he had to have never a long way he was asking for life. Benny'dment and he met or something exciting to rely on his feet! As camping for worth it and he left. From that day. He had been blocking his journey ahead of the day and he was happy times they wanted to learn to witnessing all Welcome. He wanted to love and he could get back of his love! He hooviness, he wanted to go. His day ahead of

length: 256, time: 4.985000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.354062
main thread - user: 4.9862 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a family of Mama and her siblings. The 3 year old lady and her family who was wealthy was a family. Her three year old lady and her little one of years of three who was three of people who lived in an old brother, her family that day, grandma. She was old Harry, young father, three years old lady who was three- four years old wee-dance was a mother, live in the family with ate sound, young girl called three year old, old, three-years of three years of years old and they had news that night before man and they alligate, three years old, her mother. 3 year old. They had come to live in age told hera and family who was the family from that she knew she was three year old age. Her daughter, one day in jochildren, she too, and she loved the adventurious family from one grandmates, who was a wonderfulergily. She spent most special. They were at first time farmer and they alligold. She and those year old, three years old, they were from now year old children, everyone around that day, who always talked, those as

length: 256, time: 5.487000 s, achieved tok/s: 46.655732
main thread - user: 5.4842 s, system: 0.0640 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little boy who wanted a to fly. He wanted to fly. He flea wanted to explore the big game that fly. He wanted to bee, like to find a bug so badly, rest of flying in the sunrout, soar wanted to fly. He liked to bee. Hishost, so much more than he liked to try and saw butter it and could bee, butter that he lived in his Always. He Woulde are just like the plant, butter and so much higher up high above. He flea way to buyed to it, he wanted to the wind. He flea all its basket, tall trees and he plea, so much higher than he wanted to fly, butter a long-in different places too full of flying. This made him. He knew that way - it!
<s>
 One day. But he wanted to go. He could fly was least possible. But to see-As no mattering that he wanted to see-on, he was special. When the most beautiful colors or miee bee. Two. When he wanted to nothing. He followed. He would bee and he knew he could fly, butter it't one

length: 256, time: 4.999000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.210242
main thread - user: 4.9972 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jimmy and neighbourhood under a little boy called Joe went on a lika and he was ever Appil lived with no callle. He was curious and he felt the King of the train station. He wanted to take one of his favourite was the beginning. Everywhere in return, he kept their journey of his adventure, and he hadn'dots of his pet dirty because he had todder people all by the subway in trouble in line toddler and he ranching him told him. Everybody causing life. Joe knew he hadn't. He was useful with a corner, he had his travels of hope. Despite the mission called the dinner, a great adventure to explain the puffing his abere of his magically found himself. One who was an out having a regular journey, he didn't - he was a big urge's of his hard workshop at his new enemies. He had to the nature, boiled himself. But every day, while. He was feeling of his master'd longer than grossly trav afterwards. Today arrived.
<s>
 Once upon travalking toddheads of his dream. Sudhe had his journey of the

length: 256, time: 4.968000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.529791
main thread - user: 4.9569 s, system: 0.0640 s
 Once upon a time, there was a family of an elderly, a hairy zebies, on a family of a suborm called Joe and a child named John and in the family of a nearby village who lived in a family of three year old one separate ways of a grandpa Joe decided itfly. He wanted todden. The elderly called Sten who was a Little one. He and they alliggly, youngest of the discovery, grandpa, heal was a cater, he had arrived home. His house. This family who was poor family, everyday foot and one who lived in needed. He was a group of park had a grey, grand youth who lived, three yeared town kindly, butter with all alone times he’s of the puffled. He lived, butter, with full of a young life in the post-One day of a good life he was called Fluffs of their difficulty around their lives, butter’s of a gloomy he was youngest who was a loyalty nowhere topponey. It, their younger year old king of his curseplayful life. In their ch Second. Every bla inner, he was a family who was a family

length: 256, time: 4.885000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.405322
main thread - user: 4.8866 s, system: 0.0520 s
 One day, a sweet cat named Tom went outside to his dad to the store. Tom was pigeonueson decided to sellers ready to goat was in the street. He wanted to sell his dream, as he would beef for a market in the park. Tom, butww grassy John's spent outsideing. He loved that day, so much more walking and he was to his very glad to sell keeper asked for the store boxes of work because he thought A violin's of his job well. He wanted to yard, because he hoped he had two. John and he had been searching since time because he could buying jobs and he had no mattered on sale a few weeks. He had toot couldn's planned and the road to a lifetime to sell gas. He was his delivers his loving him. He had to sell, so much more gasall the fact he sold up his goals he opened his barrierness helped toys that day he was able to wishing Neff of his roads, so much as he was so much pedals on his mum and his ideas that he could afford toys. As he could beef for a lot. He went toys and he was hidden

length: 256, time: 4.934000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.884880
main thread - user: 4.9344 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a bear that day in the wood, in the morning of winter winter from the missing winter winter, there was winter, winter: winter had arrived. It that winter, there was formed. The winter coming night. The winter, there, there was coming winter, there. Two days wenake and winter. The cold winter. It was getting winter. But one winter, and the cold, winter, winter than never winter and Sam and it was very long and everything was coming up ahead of winter. The cold, winter and the ice and the cold, winter covered winter morning. The winter, winter's struck.
The winter. icy winter little girl and snow days because it was difficult winter. I there was great winter came toests. A winter. All over-len it. It was such winter, but winter season, winter, winterasso, snowfall twists to day when winter began. Winter't year then it was coming in winter began!
<s>
 Once summer, winter them decided to one winter, winter because winter! As winter season time. He had the snow, winter had snow days. icy summer season made the snow was razes began of winter and snow started. winter, Ity and

length: 256, time: 4.889000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.362446
main thread - user: 4.8937 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a young boy named Jack. He loved to have an adventureedpy, he would take his usual life and his dreaming toe-tled runner. He decided that adventure, and each day, and he was challenging his lifedening his life, he would grabing in life. He was covered eyes of hairy, nothing else and one step out everyday - he decided to travels that day, hoping to weak and one more wishing to dragon, he was like to explore the best friend, he was going on his life was a new thing that he was something interesting adventure and he didn't he wanted a challengeed to explore the way to stealing adventure in common in the excitement. He was to the dream of his life to explore. He knew he dreamt. His journey, the world. On his journey ahead of feeling like aorgation of a lot of his journey. He was waiting to arrive, but his journey around him. On his journey to he was so long journeydation of a day, where he had no mattering to startled with a great one brave adventure and he had an advantage of a secret - steaming walk, growing questions

length: 256, time: 4.908000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.159739
main thread - user: 4.8444 s, system: 0.1160 s
 Once upon a time, there was a humble child. He loved to watches she found herself and hee and he watched for a child. Whenever he sproanly who was a long, night before she was brave-d of hunger accomplishfully moved his parents, wish she went for something different secured, so much flocking in life before she knew he diving all quiet. She could never like a while, and he always wanted everyone, he heard her heartbrother fair, but something special - he was brave, and she could makeup, so far away. Every day and deep in the dark yesterday. He't she should noticing she found herself. When it was a family. She was that she noticed it can be found her eyes filled the excitement to the determination beneath her age and it was able to have arrived near. When he was turned out to hesit haillies. She knew that nothing. She had to beaming no matters the lonely interrupt lived and she felt like a kind and unfor his life and increases, she had gone, and he grew to staying them, he saw the people cans it was years ago, and wished, where he was something so eager in a heart

length: 256, time: 4.916000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.074858
main thread - user: 4.9238 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little cat and living with a warm, fragile dog. He lived in his name - he loved the animal, he was a petal dog he was furry cat. His poor dog, light and he was so much todder and vet dog, he had a owner of a kind of an even though when he was he had tiny one nightmare of any inside of the girl. He loved meadow surrounded by his little mouse, furry for a poor, butter. He was a gray. He only three-s of his owner, he was him, patient he felt always following, happy lighter mouse - he soon never getting yes far away shy free at night. He felt easy, he was like a couple of himself and he ranelier and he had wanted to a family, so hungry and soft and happy and he needed a furry. He decided those furry was the bree. He loved to truly liked wee- familiar life. He did. burlious, with the nightmare of the far away. He was happy Biscelier grey, he had no mattered babsome brown, mama and he had seen coming filled the ch

length: 256, time: 4.923000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.000813
main thread - user: 4.9234 s, system: 0.0560 s
 The sun was high summer morning sky became a beautiful, it was warm summer all around the same. The summer blue and everyone, Mommy night. It was coming uptime because Mommy and everyone. The summer day. The summer days, summer day. The day. The sun was warm days went by, summer season, and Lots of summer. But on Earth was warm summer cool. The summer bright summer, Wednesday cocoa. It was coming out more of summer, there was coming up in summer and the spring warm summer. The sun and everyone else, the holiday's were summer's toys. Each summer day yellow and the year - the Earth.
The people was still in summer day and the day and winter, summer, summer, and summer, and the mild days of summer, summer day, summer day. Mom of summer season changed. The summer turned from summer season when summer day, summer season, and sun rose summer. And most beautiful. icy summer until summer day, with summer, summer he and the season changed the holure to rise was left when the summer day, summer. The summer day. Tim and it was full of summer day. In summer, the morning season changed

length: 256, time: 4.966000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.550544
main thread - user: 4.9538 s, system: 0.0640 s
 Sara and Tom was thirsty for a little girl, Mia. Hee, her eyes. She stepped on ate big brother and he was late seven. She was always wanted to go to heal was busy. He wanted to break lucky leap in the night, she and not so many days. He liked to spending. She did. Her soon she was scared. She found ate them from earn’s down the day away to her best of a lotion. On the day, when she was quite full of the day, because she had toys was in good lucky, butter. He met. They doctors So she could hardly brown and she even when she had to his first day and she felt tired in the incident for the day before the time for a tongue. Her bedtime. She liked to the lucky days before, mum was forgotten. As she was three. She hadn'dance. She gained something else. He was too old menalsarian. She had been yelled her hands was waiting, she had been waiting and she and followed by heaven. She had provided fair days long, but worth it was too long out. She felt like a nightater, butter

length: 256, time: 5.004000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.159073
main thread - user: 4.9970 s, system: 0.0640 s
 One day, a little seal named Jack had a pet fish who wanted toy was a pigegly who lived in the best of his life and he was fond of his pet octopus. He followed the fish, butter. He would live in the fish that day, butter had a home in the best of his first sister, butegant fish. He was a loyal pond. He wanted to escape from all by the deep blue, who who was the nets of him. He would always enjoyable ever happy away he was in a smile, butter with courage, butter, butter, who lived in joyfully froting toier, never feeling special storyled patience meantInclude. He was happy and liked to him. He was his rabbit. Every morning he was sized pimated fins spread him, butter, and he was aports of his Food wisety had a happy and swimming and he couldn'dained hope that day in a fish never doing his sea, never paidied the life he spent all over the c level in his name - he met the away the harmless which to many sorts of all alone age of a big fish of his petals he started his heart son.

length: 256, time: 4.771000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.657514
main thread - user: 4.7656 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a very cold day, a little girl who was walking down up by a puppy. She loved night. She was walking. The night, winter. Her mum and she was alones of a day, however there, in a hospital-Hended winter. The night. The cold and the night because it was really distant. Amy was soust of the moon, and the cold, the cold. She was filled summer, she had a reindeing the night. Something was cold and she felt funnyWhere she started. She didn'tled night. Little Or moment, she had held closed, she was getting dark night between through this time, but winter holidy furniture knew it was snowfed night and she was running things she had no opportunity, she was so cold and no mattering and the cold, until she had a lot of her heart grew dark and she shimmer lived, the night. Lookn's because she was so fastness, there was noon. She had winding the warm summer, and she had a night. She had made her headed for many night. Every night before her branches of her cold, she was forgotten. She felt like a single winter

length: 256, time: 4.781000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.545283
main thread - user: 4.7864 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jennie who wanted to store the fox. He wanted to goat and his cush of his way. He wanted to visiting him to live. He was out playing outside running away across the playground in the rake, an adventure. One day, butansion. He wanted to goat because he ended, he always getting lost. He was outside, he secret, he went outside. He went there, butter told him to success. He was very farmer in the first thing that day. He found it that day to thefamiliar started to goat butter was clothing weather, butter from fields of playing. It was a petals his far away to the coal. But he missed a bittern-wood, butter, there alone and he was a bites for the biggest, one he wanted to his parents. The j htmlal places, for a horse jogging town often he felt lonely accomplished that day at home destruction had been fat of his way. The place. He had to see. He had a mission to his field, butter, butter for his houses for a little body, butter, butterfly a new of his

length: 256, time: 4.730000 s, achieved tok/s: 54.122622
main thread - user: 4.7229 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Harry. She was walking in the hope that day, she was walking with her mother and she was feeling something very patient. She wanted to showed as she felt like a beautiful, corn in a long getting away from her journey, and her very small fifteen. She went on her home. She had noticed that day before language, but she arrived to the deep, steed into the end, rather well. She couldn't expected, she hoped, one particular aweel, butter, she saw her spirit before her heart-here about purple in the warmthings had arrived in the journey. Everywhere she had finally to begin. Anna. Susan loved. She sidelboldmathal adventure because she might waiting to a Moelier and with a while—Where to the sunny strand by her courage tonie, sadness was filled with a bit of her heart, a dream earlythight. As she wanted tooth and she had figured that day, as she walked with no longer feeling happier and she passed, so much kindness had a feeling that day of admory, butter and she was to socket's of always strongest. She wanted to her turn

length: 256, time: 4.770000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.668763
main thread - user: 4.7743 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a poor kid who was a baby. He was very excited one day at the park, never liked toddler who dreamed confused. He asked it. He had toddler who was playing with a bad- communicate travelled. He was ho Three year! His owned going towed toddler who wanted money, he would crying escape from afaker like to his tongue for the activ boring home, he needed toys. He knew that day. He stayed a few weeks and he had never his grand home and he never leaving the age. He didn't he was alone, because he was able to have one day in an adult time out, but he was the idea, and a change. He lived a heart. So everyday badly. He lost, when he realized that time and Egypt, because he was a long, "From it: he was regret uneyed once in frustrated for a chance, butter wanted to exploreies ever forgotten - he couldn't he never understanding the day before he wanted to stay. He would never saying that day his curiosity had gone. He had to have been ahead of curiosity - he left. He stopped him could never his owners got with

length: 256, time: 4.793000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.411225
main thread - user: 4.7898 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Lily and Ben like to play with her dog Spot. Healing is a ball. Heel mane, the flowers, butel too. Runch is a cat. Heel like Rud. Runch is a name?
<s>
 Once upon spray, heal. Roland Lisa and Lily. Heb mitt who is his name. Heel lives, my either. R salon. Heelins. Heel excited."
Rain: Runch, Spud. Rick for another sign. Riding and Runch chase. Runch and cloud and flart. He likeshepina a big friendship is Tom and Roluse is Ben likes means Rake: Rustes are Lila. You run. They makesteps and she is a run."
A op. Heelots for something. Anna and Ragches happen!"
They like to exercise means "v grass, Spray for dogs and Rise, with this is Anna and R sang. R poetry likes and Rex, he says yes. Rex. Andolness. Rate for a joey. Runch. Runch is a new family. Rush and heelthe run," he means

length: 256, time: 4.837000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.925367
main thread - user: 4.8298 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, in a lively little town was cold snowy fat sunny town. A family of seconds went by a small village, cold winter day, there lived, it down in the snowy life. All of winter, there was coming. It was still and there, warm and it was very dark clouds: a lovely winter snowy winter, the police smiled, winter airsties of winter, sunny with a season called winter, winter, sometimes, snow soon gone. All summer season season, away snowy days. Sudhow lived with no one? It was coming, and there. Every winter. All around them exploring, she had lots of winter, when it was now in winter, but winter long, all over-f fascin'tled season when winter was in the sky, winter knew this season. The sad. The cold and it was so winter, and winter, snow. The winter, but winter and winter, there was coming. The seasons spent, there was turning to turn of winter, winter.
<s>
 Once there, and cozy days of winterAs winter. Winter had just beginning. The cold and winter, and winter. The winter came and the cold, but winter had a cold and the

length: 256, time: 4.774000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.623796
main thread - user: 4.7782 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Tom who was so much older and heelt wanted to playful dog. He never wanted to eat healthy fire. Tom. He was so much faster than his way of fiddle with a different weights. He was smarter, however, he didn'dots of stealing adventure, butter. He wanted to escape. He loved his never going to never knowing that way more than he had to copy. He was too hard, he did! He wanted to be able to live as longed before he made him. His owning his exploring to find himself and it. He could be like the chance. He was to escape ran away, he wanted to choose and he pleased. When he had discover saw the first clothes. He could fix abern of boss. He could. When he was very fast. Everywhere else, butter, he would be able to avoid his energy and with brave enough to always go. Every day not like to appreciate not under control that he could reach for the results. He decided to be able to try and he was paid attention and he knew that plan, so much easier to never losing the other effects was more and the tempted about a lot

length: 256, time: 4.826000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.046001
main thread - user: 4.8181 s, system: 0.0600 s
 One day, a little cat named Tim was stuck in a big and healed dog called Spot. Heal was feeling very tired. Hechy by his name. He sat alone in the stream. He was in his way in the future visited headersaning, free and he would nothing toows in need for days before he needed to surrendering the doubt in the freezeeless, confused. His neck: ignoring: he felt their energy of his life, but he was tired of a long way. He wanted to live and he needed help of his efforts to a couple for days — a bitter, but he was a breaks of the he would never settled budd the world shouted: he had been at great luck, sadness and dreamt he was the world never this soon leaving the loving, butter of home and he felt like this day. He grew tired of the shy channel of the cold. He felt the war. His family, butter, he could not forgotten and tired of course he was hard work. He was the sadness gave him, old ways to turn of his life. After boring his family: he could not only home where he couldn’s in friendship butter, weekendied he had.

length: 256, time: 5.000000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.200000
main thread - user: 5.0034 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small cat. Tom was very scared in the colossy octopus. He was very happy because he had a new life. It was a very mighty big, frightened him in particular dark, lonely weird explor of known unple – he had decided to become a big fish. The fish. He wanted to cause of different language meantileious fish that day near something very frightened player, dark ocean, scared him. He wanted to helplessed scenately, new and he had come between the barrierness and he could beef and peaceful of his life, only brave and he was the need to a much bigger and he was the time with hope. He wanted to keeping him. One big and he never getting into buzzning a journeyed toad encountered decided he moved between thewhere and lost, different approach home nearer and he felt like all alone, so much bigger fish and he wanted to findings, scared him never building that he had now. Every day. Turt butter.
The challengeed into the corner, no cheater, not finding a sudden and he was more brave croamg neighbour'dots of the box butter that

length: 256, time: 4.891000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.341035
main thread - user: 4.8845 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small boy named Jack and he wanted to know he wanted to reach the very navy. He loved to playground in his grandpa Jack. His garden, new summer mountain. Grandad and he wanted to learn of a dinosaursh wheat. He wanted to goat was very special one. He hoad. The to escape from your special will. One day because he had to beams. He was a lotion wanted to guide who had the biggest dream. 3 things for weeks, butter. He was full of everyday though he was obed life, so much bigger and he wanted home. He hoped that night or even more times, he knew it to open life, like his garden with a lotion, he wanted to makeup, he wanted to happen. Everydaytime that special adventure! He wanted to make business below that storytime, the day to live in the daring much bigger world to endless he wanted to the world to the most enormous places with a curious about creating underwe'ded to his stDid. One day tooth, he was possible questions had become the regular neighbor to doggion, butter him. But he knew he did

length: 256, time: 4.890000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.351738
main thread - user: 4.8866 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, in a jolly ladyny mummy, there was knee-it jolly rabbit-pile of a rabbit-the train ride on the steam train called Tony, with many paths on grandma, no train called Chugy skates smiled. She called... Daniel! Everyone marvelGiraess, my Majesty. He was when she and she was a flower called him was coming from farmer, to frightened, ate herbives of course and it was a counessed, with the touching her daughter who was the stationets. He saw. Sparilite a couple. He was coming from her sheep, he wore a giggirl. The tracks in the path every day she was coming from its calls when she and he't-of of becoming a face, and they were admiring machine. She heard about toeping as she called her cudging seeing a small rails. He was called tocked for a few children in a bright bluebirds of corn shrbooks with a “What is the first time. Everyhere, Andy. Lions picking her turtaher three-dots of clapping train as long, new troubles and she was called

length: 256, time: 5.283000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.457316
main thread - user: 5.2689 s, system: 0.0680 s
 Once upon a time there lived a little girl had a friendly dolphin, Alice. She had an intelligent bear, she with her long, abby dolls lady. She was 3 year old herself. Every night before she could live in the search she was the most special child who just like a body. Every day, three year forward, she hadause, butter too, and she no amount of course, she and the happily so many years old memopy arms and she was the curled herself and it was oversted by the daughtered toddler and she was filled them. The girl's of the kind and she lost and her expert richness was different hands, loved to live in child. When she knew that she had toes had shrever she was introduced her owners who was full of her life. When she had a lot of being big, she felt like a long mother. The spirit butter never needed and she started her love - the confidence. She was like that made understanding that she managed all by the two of her parents forever full of delighted by her arms and one which made butter. She was a better experience; she was noticed that she was too. Every day in the powered

length: 256, time: 4.870000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.566735
main thread - user: 4.8504 s, system: 0.0720 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl called Jane and when she was playing in her favourite, a lazy body, she was looking toddler. She went to the village. She went outside, she was the valleyed. One day. Her life ahead of the park that day, with nothing else. She called wood, the young girl, butter: she was full of these walks, asleep, butter wanted to her age and she was full of the family who was holding a nosyness of a beautiful and sometimes, she saw, so fast and the veterin had not like a predlet liked to a daily with joy and full of the challenge. As a bright yellow adventure and so much faster or a petals by fun, the love for herbs and knew that day ahead of her playing and soon she, she had some joy she spending time. Everywhere-filled her Mom, she ranch. When she would always wanted tolarious adventure, happy and she had never wanting toppling city was careless SteInstcouitted power and decided toy sensation. So, she skipping her attent, each day to a little girl had gone, she wanted todderņ

length: 256, time: 5.219000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.051542
main thread - user: 5.2153 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a smart frog who was and one naughty piggly beetly who had hardworking and one day living a fish he wanted to finally inaws. He was facing good behaviour. He wanted to repairing and he had to learn to resist, he could not asked a lot of all of any other gardens who ever trouble with some of his Sir. He couldn'dance was in angrily struggling to never seeing pee-inated curiosity, even need to get it. He learned a aren't taking his path was always mutter him to joggering most of his efforts - he knew that day when heal. He jumping to make him throughout home, he needed to stop he needs time and he did. One day, he paused. Finally, he hadn't. This. He decided to use – he eager to get the sho estar by a life, sometimes, so much faster way to dogging toer for the challengeing to work. Those plans hoping to dozed and it was to help and he would be able to work. Despite what he had to explore. He did! He was tired of taking a job worked with hope. He had reversed an in

length: 256, time: 5.223000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.013977
main thread - user: 5.2085 s, system: 0.0680 s
 Once upon a time, there was a boy named Joe'It was a very hungry each day in the village who was so high man who was cold, though. He was walking down on his distant mother. He went for a very cold winter, cold and he was a rich fall. He walked in the summerburned winter. He had the shy winter and he was chilly winter. He wanted to protect belongs outside there was cold... "It was cold.
The heat and he almost like a radio. He was alleyells spreading him God's! He needed helpers'reled winter. As winter because it was guilty of the winter and he knew that winter. Every winter and he knew he had to goat. He was within. However, when he had to bee couldn'd of winter when winter around the snow built... He was confusing, but he went outside without all alone rainy snowless fire. He was in the seasoned his nation and he could beirsty winter howled. But he had been cold. He was like a few months. The winter, but interests and felt like that nothing: he did not all alone and could not expected - he had snow Everything like this winter, asked

length: 256, time: 5.187000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.354155
main thread - user: 5.1877 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once there was a woman who wanted to print a cat. The cat. She wanted to bee. She wanted to print. She wanted the print print. She wanted to have something special print all. So they liked her print. She wanted to print by a friend. She wanted to print. She put in a cat to makeup. She printed one thing and her print. Her name it. Her print. She was to print what in a flower like a new one print with her prints. She wanted to print.
The best way to print! This time. But it in her print the print. So, so much smaller one print. Everyone to print. The same. The cat. The print to print. But she tried her order, butter wanted to print. She needed the print made it was to print new colorful of her print her print. Her name was pink was the print showed others. The print made her print, she did from the print started, butter.
She wanted to print. The girl printer more pink. Her name! It was like a print anymore. She felt dozony. She print. It had a printer lots of right word. Her print came true meaning was to find, but

length: 256, time: 5.602000 s, achieved tok/s: 45.697965
main thread - user: 5.5961 s, system: 0.0680 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small boy named Jack. He was a boy and he was outside. He was walking in the night when he was a very light, very curious quite hungry the night. He was brave, hot and he reached out of the most big, dark.
Andy and he was brave, shy loved todder and he was a long, he decided that nightmight, adventure to give- Erused surrounded by a flashy walk when he decided to seeing joyfully explorer, he found his travel. The night. He was alone, explorer. He wanted to the night. He was scared of the nightm lettucebowled up in the night, disturb were thunder was nightmung, shone of the cold and he was a big mouthous and he was happy, butter that night
<s>
 One day to escape by the night and he had a secret. His new day - the curious. He walked in the ground toMax, lively, shy, a cats of a long, he decided to the moon, so kid. Sudure playing in an old, modern trawour, shy bald man's of himself. He was always hungry

length: 256, time: 5.056000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.632911
main thread - user: 5.0580 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a young rabbitny rabbit who lived in the woodsy fox. He was very lively fox who lived all alone creature, farmer who was a weak rabbited in the forest, lost one farmer who lived in the rabbiting mouse family. He was in the forest around him, who had met a young rabbit asleep. He was the most miserable wicked rabbitboard! He was a greener, warmer, curious, without a house of a squirnie Joe and poor rabbitetting the fox. He called wheat. He was a hlinver lumber was very helpless of a basket - surrounded by a few days old grandled underground, and he never seemed like himself. He was full of the fox, freezing, never given animal who had no longer than a giant or winter, but naughty energy of his farmer because he was never seen the old fox's of the fox and he had a couple of friends in the himself in his coloured-nated rabbit wisper of the squidly found himself. He was so long, farmer. He realized he grew. He’s

length: 256, time: 4.832000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.980132
main thread - user: 4.8274 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time there were two people who were very small animals who lived on a happy together in a small inviting adventure in need to live in a family who were very different gathering life. They lived in the land across and one distant polar cozyval of a partner and steady, curious and one small team. One day below of feeling of different families. Soar's of lives, cooking. They were happy planet alive, live in a happy family. They lived in a happy and having a mountain, lives. One day, happy forever in an easier as they had real life. The country. They had a family – the happier family, never alone lives and they can of the complained bodies meet. They were united two side of each, different rivers and every year, one. They decided that day in a home in the happier and they decided on the mild kind and they were one, butter experiences that day in the happier. They lived in a new city. When the end of each year for you. They never the cold cold and they were able to startled side of each other people in an end.
The moral and they were always poor family who had a lot and together, like a simple

length: 256, time: 4.998000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.220488
main thread - user: 4.9718 s, system: 0.0800 s
 Once upon a time, there was a big lumber cat. It was a big bird who was an ordinary bird. It was a tornccery flea wanted to fly. He would itch. He noticed the bird. He lived in the tree! He was over the tree. He was a else of a tree. He was a mother bird. He was tall grey and he couldn't and he heard the willing. He wanted to live there. He was so farmer. He was a small bird who was very big bird called another one day and had nothing to catching returned from its branches of the bird. The farmer't and the endly who left of a long, cricket and the sunshebad and the dragon and the farmer who he liked to payoff. He fleas of giving you, restore which which the sun, very farmer was the rest below and he was an adventure - the careless bird and he took him efforts somewhere in the barrier he wanted for his new tree in the bird, it on a lot of the nest in needle, orange cater. He was a tornado of the young bossy bank flea search. There all alone home of the harshout

length: 256, time: 4.834000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.958213
main thread - user: 4.7674 s, system: 0.1201 s
 Once upon a time, there was a fat elephant elephant who wanted to go to go to find out of a big blocks and on the far away from the star. He wanted to fly. He said, new pipe. He liked to many plan. He wanted to fly was learning plans. He wanted to go to fly. He wanted to take its destination where he hoad and so much faster, lives, butter fly. He wanted to win all the highest planet had to choosey. In his travels it was more times no gold for his journeyed the fast too large. He lived all over his way. So he could fly kept such toy, without the world had seen the chance to the mouse. He found a power at a journey home he was the far away from ways, free to arrive. But the way to explore and never far away from keeping passengers. Everywhere to struggle as far away from a lottery become the challenge and he miles!
Before it which country called toast, only way, butter he kept sights, butter.
The rest of a few countries, buton, so far away
<s>
 Once, day of the bird. He't he wanted to discoveries and called along the

length: 256, time: 5.088000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.314465
main thread - user: 5.0270 s, system: 0.1240 s
 The sun was warm, summer day and bright, orange day, sunny day, the light, everyone, shining bright, light orange day and the bright day, sun was up brown and the day outside bringsing morning sky full of summer day. On this sun spreading day. Jack, the warm summer day. The sunny day, cool, sunny day. The day. Slimmer night sky, Tom and the bright, the kids were full of a gor sky filled. Tom and pink.
The day and five little Joe and the night sky. The day and the evening. They all night sky is clean day, the spring morning, in the day. Ben's of the evening. The spring, asleep of days changed. The sun was full of summer days of summer, the evening. The day. Lots of spring, while. The sun was full of summer, when he and the warm day, the day. The day as oh beautiful day they were full of summer days turned out, and the day of summer, day.
<s>
 Once there was setting evening sky, sun was calm sun was one playing outside hum filled of summer summer. He noticed the peaceful, while. The cloud of summer, light

length: 256, time: 5.258000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.687714
main thread - user: 5.1691 s, system: 0.1441 s
 Once upon a time, there was a boy who was a brother who wanted to explore the beach. He wanted to explore his mommy. His mother's wanted to doctors. He was very large adventure, new computer called his master and he followed, furry. He had toddler and his very smart. Today, flying and went to explore. He went for a brandinious ever cars - he saw, he wanted to escape. He asked him, he wanted to go. He went off the seaed toy and he wanted to goat. Soon and he had to explore and he wanted toddled him on a new and explore the lab and he wanted to explore the world! The end explained to go and he was in search and wanted to travel for a bites toys butter
<s>
 Once there he wanted to explore the world to go to go explored near the earth. Her job. He wanted to explore the beach down on a small and off. When he wanted to learn determined to buyed it was full of many more of the curiosity. His adventure, so far away, he took him to go, even more quickly. He did. The speed. He had to go explored, he never seen the

length: 256, time: 4.662000 s, achieved tok/s: 54.912055
main thread - user: 4.6654 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a girl. She was walking in a magical world around her class of three year after school. One day. All alone age, an owlCaptain. Her family, she wanted to do she was small girl who was a carefreey, she'tled friends feeling that day in a few years ago, and she had gone so farthful of fearful girl, and had day, she wanted to find one day. She wanted to goat because she was tired of the world. But she couldn't she wanted to live with so much more determined darkness. She had the  last year or three year old age. She felt like to come from one of feeling the age. She was a sense of forgetful of the girl in the same way, butter had stopped feeling the world after school. She felt scared with a factices of a different expectful of anAll overjoyised led att retrieve, she wanted to the new adventure. She had been. She felt like a surprise, butter, her troubles and had an unknown. Anmmells. This goal: the nightmolf and her words toyature feared for a very intelligent teacher. She liked looking,

length: 256, time: 4.989000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.312888
main thread - user: 4.9904 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a young girl who was a little girl who lived in a village. She had a very brave girl who was always looking at home, she did. She went on her big, lonely upsted out of her only icy city and one day everywhere. Her heart blacking time and she had the reliable student, dear. Everywhere in a bit Diam. Every weekly one day, butter, humble, her house on her street. One day. Her home, farmer, however, every day, she did. overcome a purpose, lonely outdoings felt amazing her days, but she never leaving about to restore handsome village, impatful life, when she could beamed neighbor who was known. Everywhere in the village. She was three. She had an intWilmed Abby daughter who wanted todder for a long ago and she was overcome her heart that day when she had created in her bro vast, and loved learning todder, she wanted toadow happened sometimes, since she had become warm and one and she asked her scared of the eagerlyium, butter experience when she was the village and trusted life, butter suggestionate, she had to

length: 256, time: 5.168000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.535604
main thread - user: 5.0982 s, system: 0.1280 s

length: 256, time: 4.986000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.343763
main thread - user: 4.9826 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little bird, there were hungry child. The bird called Bill, lived deep bluebird, light bird who was a peck. He wanted toast; he was taking a goatast. He decided to bee like a family of himself and he was very curious and his owner bird - he always hungry and he had been searching for a young bird who was stuck in his wings and the grounded up in the yet. He was feeling explorer, he remembered that dayt. He wanted to fly, alone, and he went and he was always looking for a gamely flea didn't in his life ahead of a long stayed trying to startled selfish. He knew he was a while he soon more brave and he wanted to catching to findty searching happier, butter, looking for ate his journey ahead of life, butter. The other mouth by something that day in an eating his nest of the best of a different floss and had toes in the queen. He wanted to find his adventure. He had to begin, butter and trying to find. Everywhere in the missing something that day. He was the warm nest nest on his wings, he

length: 256, time: 4.987000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.333467
main thread - user: 4.9781 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a young boy who was a young boy called John. He didn't of the village and he was full of the elderly who wanted toddler who loved playing with a humth boy, he always dream. He loved running through the fate of his town. He had only way to entertaining new life. He flea. Everywhere in the courageous smile and he wanted toy youth, butter in his dreams of life. His life, butter, he had been asking to learners lived all by himself like a forest in need toys, he was always taken, and he was afraid of homework, he was just like that love to his rid horror from kindness and no mattering meals.
One day and enjoyed explor of his heartopy a young, butter, butter. He loved tooth held, butter. Every time with never enjoying him everywhere butter that he loved to mention, butter, he resited complaining love, butter that moment, he accepted that by his curiosity, and he was to catching with a wandering life. He was the effort with a while he shouldion and exploring him, he could helpers in

length: 256, time: 5.029000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.904752
main thread - user: 5.0258 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small boy named Mark and one day arrived in the sky above of his street in the village he was an unknown. He noticed that day was near the village in the farmer, fat town with a planet, he said proudolf. He decided to passport had a gust of who was a passport. Some of his stopped farmer, playing in need to many days ahead of this village, the far, he was a new routine of all that day in touching escape. Theuleled. He had been pointing. He travels of his heart-off, and he heard a distant lesson, he was a handyman leop of the town. He was his journeyed curiosity, they were full of a jug, happy sound of theogether, new adventure. He realized why some of the west. He was to passport and he did. He wanted to his travel with a bright, healthy perspective. The town filled
<s>
 One day he was a wonderful worlddled world. He’s of his confidence that farthfully zi accepted an adventure with a young again, and all alone years when he knew that he had finally to attend, Sarah, he had followed and he heard about

length: 256, time: 5.014000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.057040
main thread - user: 5.0090 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a mommy and one day, there was walking outside walking in the forest. It was a deep forest, with the forest. Al on top of her youngest and it. It was a beautiful morning that day, and within a village on the path. It was a raindy village, she was a forest there, the mist everybody of the gloomy, there, with sunny day long, the bright, there, orange sliodling mountain farmer daily leading the lantern since the younger John. When winter. Everywhere in the mountains. She had heard many folace of her grandchild, everyone inh overy village. Everywhere in the forest. The mist, there were often, winter silver, the foam had become a long, everybody of lush of a woundcrenny feet-inter bending time. She noticed the bree sweat had frozen spirit of the spring coloured, there, foggy journey of life becoming a long and the coloured winter, fog gathered winter coming home in the evening. The mountain, day, winter and Lids from the fog had high-the mountain to John was white days as many pounds. The cone, passing village that day

length: 256, time: 4.714000 s, achieved tok/s: 54.306322
main thread - user: 4.6376 s, system: 0.1279 s
 Once upon a time, there was a curious girl named Emma. She was walking in the ocean who was walking farmer, she was a small body underwater that day, and she wanted to a violin't. She had a purple and she was walking on a bit scared further than her best of an old, far away from handsome little girl'd else triangle, with all by a wonder in the courageous adventurely seen the retrieveout. She walked through the forest looking for miles. When she saw. She decided to jump she wanted the city. She was in search for what she had come and she had finally closer into a river. When she was alone time, she was watery part of plan. When she saw. She was tired of the lead. As she was the turtled up ahead of her journey. One day that she knew that day, butter. The village surrounded by the journey, full of a very leap her destination playing, butter, butter and she had to explore of her step ahead of her hearted into a thouse and the fishing her life, aweaned sight of herubble confident, with no matter was slowly and she saws of the usual saying that day

length: 256, time: 4.564000 s, achieved tok/s: 56.091148
main thread - user: 4.5059 s, system: 0.1119 s
 Once upon a time there was a little girl. She was a mommy. She wanted to keep the sunset the mommy and her daughter who was walking with her daughter. Every day, buton, she was beautiful living the little girl and she needed to marry. She and she loved Mommy who went to growled and she was so young. She was free of the moon. She thanked the older, one. They went to dogging, butter by the child who so much community about to marry that day, until she saw it. She was very shallow and she was the old for the big big, day. She belonged, big family, butter, butter wanted to her. She stayed in the first night before her; she wanted to guard. She could it would take a petals she said to shower daughter tocast. She asked, because she ranch the gas stories could not more happier and she was too. Everyone and she was meant longer. Her exploring that was oldthShe was so many people into let her anxious one easier butter that day - and she wanted to the day at night. Even the girl always ador. She was a short, she was talking. She

length: 256, time: 4.575000 s, achieved tok/s: 55.956284
main thread - user: 4.5024 s, system: 0.1240 s
 Once upon a time there was a bear who was sad little rabbit. He had a poor little bear that day he was mad feeling like his year. He wanted to mummy and all alone. He had nothing very sadness and he was buried from his only way gone and he had gone, but he was late at the himself. He was a tutessed, he felt like he ended. He had forgotten. He wanted to eat to keep fighting, he hoped that day of feeling so much stronger at all alone and he had been on his been stuck. He was actually grew a hard and alone without pride, he had been lost and alone, he forgotten, because of his last away. He taken but he felt very lonely gone feeling sick or sad. He was now. He found out of wished he had nothing happen, and he could no longer, sad. He felt like that he had been in the rain or kindness the time to find a very
<s>
 Once upon disappear.
<s>
 Once he hoped that day.
<s>
 One day on his hearted. He never stayed in the unhappy, he had a lot ofbuild. The greatest regretting his way he could notebook.
He had tried to dozed alone. He eventuallyhere to have

length: 256, time: 4.565000 s, achieved tok/s: 56.078861
main thread - user: 4.4883 s, system: 0.1320 s
 One day, a little dog named Spot was playing outside in the woods running around his bunishing? He was playing by the woods. One day, he ran along and he loved to chasing the woods, an ador. He ran upstickste naughty dedeing the wild and he was a squirposle. He ranch while, hobr explains music. He went toot was shopping road. He was running, when he ranessed jogging, he bark howling around and ranhing and running along he ran about to run, running and he ran, when he heard the field of joyfully hungry and he had running the little child who ran by one times he heard in the day, zoomed through the sunset. As he went, he came to see-anc studio with a nearby coloured, feeling it was his path, skipping, when he had camping in theumps of running from the day he decided a furty, near a wild. The other dogs could jogging ruising it was his barking and so fast, throwing. He was running and hoops and he wouldn’ upon friendship to a few tappingment all the wild and he no mattering

length: 256, time: 4.595000 s, achieved tok/s: 55.712731
main thread - user: 4.5194 s, system: 0.1279 s
 One day, a little girl named Lucy was at home running homework went outside for a slow every day. She was thrillled. She was happier than usual, she ran outside when they gathered it. She was alone and she was enjoying the furry butter of climbing to skippping with a while something ugly, butter of the way, explored if she decided to wear her lately filled with excitement, butter of the afternoonOnce. As something new and when spring of her other year long way out that day at no under her injuries. She could bees all by playing in her muming the day of the brightest she was full of working completely since before bedtime, she had with a few hours, the day, faster one. The city of the beginning, her adventure to choose of a blossed, and she had her journeyed her feet in a few weeks she was excited cafeation of the heat of a smile: since the change, the chess happened all by the slow and the speed to get to go. She was the beginning. What wasway to the tree. On her journey homeworkites, in the slow necessary time she skipping. When the temperature of the summer than

length: 256, time: 4.496000 s, achieved tok/s: 56.939502
main thread - user: 4.4394 s, system: 0.1080 s
cc Once upon a time, there was a family of three-id than Testons, Mama and little one day were on a mommy and family. Mama and Mama, Papa, her sisters year was walking lived toddler. Mama and she was full of course, Papa who was an end admit, 'Mama and one day when the family - ever happy, her three year old lady, youngeston. Mama and asked for their family, I saw that day, their child'daughterfly, Mama bear and her age. Every day came across...mama Birdy was able and Papa, and Papa bear, Papa bear and she and 3ly. Mama and they were taking her three year old-dother bird.
" Papa was the oldest, the little one. She was very young, went outside in the little girl, wee-skched journeying an apple” Papa, and she went toancoranna was as she was on television. She and sawing family who was alouded by the family, Mama. She had noticing she undernealous of course. He used to help planning their nine family, the baby bear and 3 year. Papa bear

length: 256, time: 4.965000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.560926
main thread - user: 4.8990 s, system: 0.1200 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Ann and she was calm little girl. She was very brave girl. She was playing in the freeze. She went for a long, sunny, and she was contented by a time. Every day she did all alone, however unhappy and she cried outwich in the day in the cold, butter, she began the day, butter; she never following by aweanly met in the cold winter, butter, butter. She needed to the night before her pocket caused her coat of life at no mattering again of her skirting about asking for a bit happier, and in the night before her poor child who loving what she had spent a lot of aweively, and she had no mattering, watching her van in search that day before horsegirl, happy and she had awhile, she knew the city. As she realized that’s of flowers she still in the rain nephave ordinary day because she was getting back of her life. As Moon. She found her smile.
"If she cried against the darkness, the beginning, love she was full of her owner walk and she almost like this one. She was when she refused.

length: 256, time: 4.772000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.646270
main thread - user: 4.7090 s, system: 0.1200 s
 Once upon a time, there lived a little girl called Lucy and in a small, little girl called Maggie. She wanted to a happy group of course decided to live in a skies loved her life. She wanted to go, she kept the hound. Her neighbor. She lived in real life. She was a moment of her strong youth were a small, she loved to bloody deonely far away from the happily, because she was to be told her home, young one big and she was patient, brave and she had a family, different memay live with a few years twice she had happy dance. She wanted to live in needy world. Everywhere in the beauty, and she was so happy life, eager to bee. She couldn't who was playing, she had someone in holate braunted mind her world around and she went a source of courageous girl, happy and she one who loved toy giftier and she was only childhood of course, no matter, butter- answered by herself, a robbie in the most she had her life as longingly. She smiled now and a bit compartas of feeling special life, butter, butter.
Her child who was called yes that day with

length: 256, time: 4.635000 s, achieved tok/s: 55.231931
main thread - user: 4.5654 s, system: 0.1239 s
 Once upon a time, in a friendly dog, there was a lively town of you, in the size of a hungry cat. Heel of the regular lively little one small house, that day, round creature, a curious near his adventure, chest of anger, little boy. He was a house of the country full life. He was an adventures of speedy squish, harshone. He venturous life, friendly sight of a fairy lives, scowlious dog and he knew the world. As the hearts cookie-iciest of memet of being an animal, small child. He was home of the people, young dog. He was a marking the spirit and he was filled with no-in. He was a friendly bird. The puppy, content and he had a sadness of a cat and head, happy and he was full of the world around in the old, curious child who had decided he hunting and he that boy. It was the humsuit in the long, scared an animalland. The mouse, mood of the out, beeted old and happy, he was a fast and he wanted to journeying the open, he seemed, lazy owish, young one

length: 256, time: 5.147000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.737711
main thread - user: 5.0651 s, system: 0.1360 s
 One day, a little dog named Sam had a little boy named Tom was playing outside playing in the mailbox. He had a lot of his family of his only one weekly for a regular routine. As he did not more of his days ago, but differentYes. He was regular childhood outside of the day he hadn'sal running around having a pair of his days he was getting home. He called to growly getting more of playing outside for a while. Healed Tues for the other days when he wanted to many moments with his friends, and the dead day he was of the same neighbours of a lotion vis leaving to learn: his son who was playing the land from his last part of the Taking lesson and fun thing he had made him in the distant horizon, which taught. His day of his running around the boy knew that day, he was of his life as usual routine was like this special memorer boy and he had gone on his legs, though. Everywhere in the daring playing in the day available life filled with him, the day and he started when he was in the mouse who loved one special routine for life - he had introduced him. He hadn's that day he had to make-ding

length: 256, time: 5.267000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.604519
main thread - user: 5.1853 s, system: 0.1359 s
 Once upon a time, there was a warm summer season of time, in the summer, there were two children who went for summer however summer, the spring air. The warm summer was a summer, summer; a mystery. The summer season when they all changed the season changed. The summer. The summerends would come. The winter grew ups of this season changed the season. Each season, holidy days of summer bleour heat, butune and one hot summer, summer had arrived. As rolled for another time. Each summer they tomorrow, summer was summer, two humans who was this season changed. It, when the year until they always when summer, when it had been hot summer, when everyone, but winter day was a spring sun passeded farmer and soon west kids of summer called because that day, it started this season changed. When cold, when they all over when Spon. Every season changed because summer, when the cold season was the years, when summer and the season changed. Even though the season changed everything changed could beats of the Earth changed, but marry fruit taught this year the summer, when they shared summer that day and summer time was over? It was back of summer. The summer long and the season was

length: 256, time: 4.942000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.800890
main thread - user: 4.8755 s, system: 0.1200 s
 Once upon a time, there was a thoughtful girl called ‘W grew a blue bean. Shee-frog and who went outside, she grew her ownshoe-worm, herbart, many people. She wanted to skip. She decided to skip, she wanted to escape. She was thrster, before her trcing, caught the struggled one day for joyfully found her friend, she had never seen hope. As she had a babybird, because she lived far and freezing her dreamed and gusted tosome friend in the sky, she wanted to enjoying blo tales of life. Grace, she wanted to stay in the difference into the nightmired about to one moment and to act of blooming and brown landscapeed one moreimasal hops, without her family was important hive of energy. She that she had an acfection, leaving her snake meant abas and it was hope. Even the long and dust, butter: a distant missed a hust of an adventure to her speed in funny and she wanted to beefly, she found herself until she spent her reflection searching to surrendering to final of a glowing her world all the nightmired life!
<s>


length: 256, time: 4.992000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.282051
main thread - user: 4.9071 s, system: 0.1400 s
 One day, a small girl named Sue and she wanted to write on a special Wednesday, she went out for many days ahead of a few days of a dry days. She visited the next Wednesday because she did. She wanted to write her surprise. She turned outdoing Wednesday with numbers made her bedtime. As school she called to count are her life, it. She found her Saturday Enesday, she wanted to go exploring day ahead of something new year did. She had to learn many days ahead of different days and would she found heroth to these days until very special wiserly the most important things that dayd change and she come because she had a special secret message, and the unnecessary things she wanted to makeers. On this weekend. Today, her travels because she hadn'dale learning to the week of the week, so much happier weeks. Every day in her familyells more g restore it. She had been peacefully to doodles, and her age and she discovered new opportunity. She found herself. This day to helpers and life - she would hold her life, she would you would she can’s. Today was like this weekend. On this journal could begin

length: 256, time: 4.894000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.308950
main thread - user: 4.8191 s, system: 0.1280 s
 Once upon a time, there was a boy named John. He was very glad because he decided to take a very tired of loading Pete and he wanted to take a great adventure on this day. He wanted to bee cherishing by winter, he was full of a warm winter and he wanted to goes for nothing. He wanted to go to receive a rest. He wanted to doctors his goal. He was late in life, but he wanted to see what he had to doves and he was more exciting to go on a dreamed because he had no mattering his first, and need to make on just what he is the jet made his travel. He wanted something special adventure. He had to doctors all into rewards, he wanted to hear everything a lot of the night to should. John feeling that days of the cold, butiny and he startled and it, and he wanted to not just as he had to dovesed in the plane. Instead. He wanted to beaten breakfast. icy fuel to work in the sung himself that day that day to go, he made the joy-girl. He could never his grand times to earn over-time. 1doing for this one

length: 256, time: 4.881000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.448269
main thread - user: 4.8201 s, system: 0.1119 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little rabbitby rabbit. He was a rabbit feeling earth. He was very happy and he lived under the beetly said, he came to trying early in the sunny o tracks traveling through a sad and he was hungry and he wanted to continue, his hopes he was often. He started to work for miles away on his search for a bit scared. He was filled with no mattering to have gone slower, he spent his last since he had found himself and forgot his hearted staff, he was feeling sickness his journey. He moved in the hungry and alone. He walked, butter. He had novers, butter, feeling the cold, he no mattered for a long, healthy- ahead of life. icy feelings was hungry, contented by the same food. He was a ch((alaled, butter, he was too young. The night at a wise, butter, no mattering through all by the wise", he needed to arrive when he was all by a panicest longer and he eventually a long as much, happy and he never feeling his first time arrive before so anxious. One morning till that it, satisfaction.

length: 256, time: 5.595000 s, achieved tok/s: 45.755139
main thread - user: 5.5102 s, system: 0.1440 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Mom and her Dad who was walking with a bald person walkingy, she was walking in the town. Mommy who was carrying an arrow stepped out. She didn's-gbug, older one foot. He had awean stepped out of three little girl and she loved and one oldathers in the village that day. Dad, the noise. Every morning of a chalky notice, she thought she asked, one of the unknown man and she found the step in the unknown! She had come and she went on her head toeery, she had come from farmer. She explained garden where she washere. She had come across life didn't, she soon one, she was carrying the forest looking ready todder and his footsteps floating on the little girl. She carried her nose and she ran noticed some passenger, all overcalking her walk walked along the army, who was sock urge the chalky daughter looked todder deer than taking her feet. The herself and she had led, and she had an even though. Little sisters and she was a heart. When she felt like that she would look on a few times

length: 256, time: 5.695000 s, achieved tok/s: 44.951712
main thread - user: 5.6939 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a group of two friends who were playing together. They decided to join the network of all the festiv festival. They went to decide to exploreed friendship and surprised by using it was a difficult time. They were here was happy forces of friendship. They stayed friends and it. They all agreed to gooating with a great adventure to find their journey together, and one day, they made the spirits ahead of a shared death than they got together for the chancesists and one return. They didn'd with a waste-ndgering to part of the lawy form. They moved like each one day as soon, they would one who both of life! When they lived together as they hadn'dled in the folder in curiosity and they knew that theirargled in two children who the two countries. The plan.
The journey of a few of the nature around the beginning. The result of their ends of a game, they decided that day until they decided to their friendship for the task of theiraped expert of life. They had a bitter life. So everyone, kind and were together. The plan to whals someone in order their behaviour in the wise friendship. They knew that night, and to happen. They

length: 256, time: 6.008000 s, achieved tok/s: 42.609854
main thread - user: 5.9270 s, system: 0.1440 s
 Once upon a time, there was a mommy and her two spoiled family of a daughter. She was having a mommy who was taking a daughter who was out of a neighbour. She saved her daughter who was kindergyearsal tripable daughter, with long, dad and she needed her daughter that, butter, she did. She was so young, walking with her best of her daughter and she didn'd his dear daughter, who was planning how much wiser than she was very brave son'd who was always asked for helping her daughter. Every day of the day so much closer ashtcer, and loved playing lifemm like her daughter who could beaming little girl who was determined. Her daughter who went in returning to make world from money since she loved to dogging. Her infant. They went into the consequences of the presence, and the love to help. He. She was ignorant daughter, and she and she asked him. When she had a mum and they had. When she could noticing not knowing what she felt like to help from her family. The two by herself yet, as long-in overdony. 310 months she had to her happily, she was to

length: 256, time: 5.190000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.325626
main thread - user: 5.1275 s, system: 0.1199 s
 Once upon a time there was a youth who was a mom and her first animal, a family of two children. They were left goat. The kingdom of the family. It was a child who lived in a baker asleep. The family of a long, stallter who was tired octophing expert. The child who was in a very happy asht creatures, little girl who had a kind and the parents who had a child that day, stubborn boy and they all day, and they learned toad was a few years after. When she's he was a leader. The two were a patient; the kind of their owners who was the child who was born, dark, two children discussed summeraway b fault at their two years ago and they knew that day, butcher, two neighbours, scared owls of the girl and one family. In factans of the mother, furry and they were one who had lived and they noticed. The mother and they had a grandpa's of their family. When she was the past, butatching experience. Grandpa who had each who went todder brother, day in needle, one who had gone happily and the daughter who had to go

length: 256, time: 5.228000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.967100
main thread - user: 5.1571 s, system: 0.1280 s
 Once upon a time, there was a lovely nation filled the away in the west. It was a harbor, the sea. The pale sea creature of the sea. There, and shor of a small ocean full of the waves in summer, fun home of a sun. All of the wanted towers and its glory of the world. The ocean, modern waters of living sea the open world came towers, people and it was a group of the ocean, abandoned, and you in sea, gray waters and there to many oce place it blocking seaed sea and the land was so many children. The sea. The sea and the sea, shor of nature was full waters of peaceful waves beneath and the waves made it. icy sea.
<s>
 Once there was a big boat. It was full of the ocean loved toys of the ocean, unknown sea. The townsspeers was successful ocean. Butter, unknown. The sea and each of a small, big ocean and memty-looking reef far away, wonderful friendship was black sand. In grows sea and nodays there, blue sea, peaceful sea. However, sailors of a lifetime of the ocean. The water was fascin's of winter. The shore

length: 256, time: 5.181000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.411311
main thread - user: 5.1100 s, system: 0.1319 s
 Once upon a time, there was a mommy and a small boy. He looked in the neighbourhood and he was full of the child who loved to see-one. He had a country alligator in the bear, aweaned man who was always diany by himself, he walked with his head, he was the young boy who had a young boy. He wanted different neighbor, he had failed memorion. He was very happy, too kind and he could see-in in his father and fsmoey of himself that day at first day that day after he always wanting to performful, the day again. He had always telling the importance. He knew that day, he had seeking. He was his age. The King of his owns of all by a gloomy wiser, when he had given him, he was in the circular early handsome one, he had a pointy deusted old selfishing for a gentle son had todden and he was a wave house
<s>
 One day he would beaming journey in celebration of him, butter, who was always the country, butter: the strong and one if he was an idea for this way to keep on his journeyed map. He had an older and

length: 256, time: 4.756000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.826745
main thread - user: 4.7611 s, system: 0.0400 s
 Once upon a time, there was a farmer and a bunny who lived in a family about rabbit were happy family of a happy rabbit who lived in the strPrint. He was in the hops. But the farmer of still in a life of furry body. He loved the woods. He always feeling of the life in the farmer who lived, his field of the bunister, every day preparangeless, light, happy and he had a place. He had no families. Everywhere of the majestic surprise, the life in the skinny greener green in the turn of his burables; he was very long, butter once full of a young one living, happy tough buddies of a humumble searching pride. He was full life meantime, small meow, lonely becoming so middle of the harshin of a trainering caring by the rabbit telling him. He hoercified; he had never happy and he was filled, young foamious home of the ancient adventure, young whenever he was noticed it. He loved to those parts of the Moranwood bugs, happy and he was frozen shadow. He had ended butf full of the child who was grew

length: 256, time: 4.826000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.046001
main thread - user: 4.8372 s, system: 0.0401 s
 Once upon a time, there was an elderly Mr Penguin and one day in the explore,reetina.ст felt an hour ago,eified,ood invention, measurements,eile tra computers and wondered pasta and from farmer.gry bird,iresinated planet.richte his wonderland. Ant,cheoping modest one of their journeyed Tom,eulars of wanting to arrive, vast discussed howl accompaniedor of the village, he had a new kingdom of all the bird of the one. Pete one couldn's of his city who lived in the possibilities had made her family who loved and he couldn's, live, while before eachtime, a pond. They were becoming balance of a remindy experience full appreciation was todder’s of his curiosity. Seeents, talk she heard her body. Pise he was the beginning ahead of a rescue revealed throughout the queen of amongst himself. He was one, a clums going off and he was a differentead of her family: Emmy's of moon coming her life full of wonder content, he had arrived to one who was starting within a joyfully farmer he had - a villated adventure in the

length: 256, time: 4.813000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.189279
main thread - user: 4.8156 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a young girl named Jane, Jane and she was walking in the lively little girl. She was in the world. Jane wanted to watch, she heard about to exploreing her garden around her village. She was persistent hall of a w fog, her mum who was inside. She was tall, and she was a differentWhere Jenny called her find the parked through her life. She was brave adventure playing in the town, she had seen her huh, as well. She was just doing her years ago, and it. Everywhere todder and sawings found herself, she found herself, there were brave and she always looking around the competition and one stubborn and she was about everyone. She
<s>
 Once within the night. She talked and the night for a lot of her two people, she found a hardhearted beach, she heard her life. She was in need Rasannide of her owners. One Sunday her adventure toddered her pathangers on a lot of never farmer, she always forgotten times they were a bright, as she met. She heard about coming between her dream of her heart know she was afraid of the school and Twingeing to see-one she found

length: 256, time: 4.733000 s, achieved tok/s: 54.088316
main thread - user: 4.7334 s, system: 0.0440 s
 Once upon a time, there was an adorly who was a friendly mouse who was being called Alex. He wanted to reveamed butter, someone who was a family of all overer. He was a mouse, a better and healing generous animal. He wanted to give. He wanted to always desper of a fish who was very curious and he had a job well. Alex knew he wanted to manyub, a friend, this one opportunity to find strengthfully learning to know he was determined. He was the help from his name for a curious about everyone. He decided to help in case for its example of all his mission. He wanted to get to mean and he had something special needed a kind, and he could fly, so happy life of many Expsher power, so many ways to feed-z by the lesson the challengeed that day for one who was not in the best of adventure of a kind and declared of growing upcicked help and he needed to startled him. He was to helpers't. He wanted to doggmy fit habits. He wanted to his selling him. He was: something. He learned to step to work as much happier and he had a tough than he

length: 256, time: 5.501000 s, achieved tok/s: 46.536993
main thread - user: 5.3575 s, system: 0.1921 s
 Once there was a little boy named Timmy. He had a brother, something ancient dog and his furry. His name was very old. His name was called Grandpa's who was youngest and he got lost. They took a unique neighbour. He was not know he. Timmy. He never too, old and he was furry. Timmy who went to a lot of way who lived a hero. His leastly.
Timmy. He didn't all overth girl who was only brother and his wishing to bedtime and he was an old-over, bigger and his friend. He was a lot of the best of all alone, his face his most amazed lives. But the two hairy. His loved to keep now lived, his eyes who was a brightly meant.ough farmer, butter, he couldn't and he was always searching for realised older brother and he was happy. The police and one. He was always hoping for many years later, young, his curiosity and he knew that made with lots of the person, butter!
<s>
 One day ahead of every day at first time. He didn'torn. He wanted to prevent, butter, and young family happy, but

length: 256, time: 5.111000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.088045
main thread - user: 5.0878 s, system: 0.0720 s
 Willie, Sky and Rabbit, the ant: A fox. Shea was a bunish and he was a small beany ant. Mosty mouse. Poppy, who was a mouse. Cat, he was small ant. Willy, six of a mice, Cat. He had one, butter was Bunny squir, butter, mouse and he was always spiky was a mouse, mouse. She was the hider, butter in a few friends. Bear and Bear, the rabbit about four of all by Ray.rr, butter was curious. He was shy friends who lived lived, butter and he had a good- cabin, butter was in fact R Gia liked to the bug shared them often introduced herself, ganh-gly.
Willow who always erab, butter, mouse. Owstlappy one, not seesably and insect. Foxy peek of all over-a'tled themselves.ighty ant, butter, he was so small one and frogs had the sun. Every day he was too, “Let’ upon eagged under him and he dewella and he managed toafter, he lived a cat

length: 256, time: 4.756000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.826745
main thread - user: 4.7456 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Toby who lived in the town. He wanted tooth. Each day, he wanted to marryed only pinked very long-He married. He wanted to win his family to be overc times he had also fair and that day. Everywhere by playing a goal. He wanted toy boy, butter him was his stream wanted to have a handsome prince. Toby't, butter, but his family, but he wanted to go and he felt something special because he would never getting married they were the happier and best of course, and he wanted to be found a prince who was to live and the happier and his life. He wanted to have a very young; he was taught him because he loved it
<s>
 Once there was united to win. He was happy and he had to have a boy who was a lot of the happier is the well-isweter things he was too much bigger and he freed the run ahead of his country, like that he met being kind with a couple, he knew it meant well. He wished when he was the bigger one he't much happier and he was at leastYes, but his wife. He had

length: 256, time: 4.887000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.383876
main thread - user: 4.8855 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once, there was a little boy who had a teacher who liked to jogger. He was walking around the zoo. He liked toar. He was very boy called the zoo and he was called his lunch. He wanted to bears, a new veterin everywhere every weekly. His name. He was his name and he had to bears and put in his home. Heel knew he was more special: 2. He was a long, he understandter got busy life. The Zusted in the dinosa distant. They were different animals, wagon, butter. When he worked that night and he was a unique. He liked toers with a goal that it. He met it. He was like a lot more safe and he liked to helpers love. He had sweetest of the details of joyful and he was Tom, when he was so much bigger and the new adventures and he had friends that day that he liked to work they were as he showed him every day. The turt and he who had toddier and eventually, one. It was theness was like that soon and every time, butter. He had run in minded out. He was nice youth and what he studied, and tunnel

length: 256, time: 4.829000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.013046
main thread - user: 4.8259 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a boy named Joe who was three people who was an old man, in the chest of a poor prince who was a family that day in his own years on a young. He had a small boy. He wanted to growled prince of all alone, only child,affled classhey, his village who wanted to have. He had an old man with now holding gold. He lived alone. He had finally taken a guard, but he got a great wished he wanted. He had an oldhood, but he ever like him throughout the dark and did in everybody against the strength and he had never trust had no mattering life in a verycite. Everywhere in his dream of aver, he dream, he had the elderly realized that day when he was stuck feelings, luckyevered life in his fear for his pride, but agreeed face. He realized that day full of his child knew he had to his life was excited about all he had a remindie and to have nobody and no miles away. His mother said survive gun with a distant heart that he never seen his owners't. He knew what he was unknown father's that day instead of wisdom. When he had become

length: 256, time: 4.814000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.178230
main thread - user: 4.8143 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a boy who was in the park, in the park, there was a playground following Saturday and grew a secret, a photo of a big animal, unknown village around the group of a very small village. He. His name of an animalna, unknown Land was the townspeino. His name, wild, lonely man and all - it meant responsibility. He kept a brace pitched caring Andy nearby increaseem &=\, kmatch of two remembered the youth. He noticed that he was humble. He belonged. He had the villagers. He lived two small village that day, no window, his owners who smiled and he was filled. There toy place. He had hung years of a village. He was furry had a bad man who wanted to unhappy grows older youth, farmer, old bear who lived and he thought he still somed life. Every day. Everyone. He wanted to his job of everyone who was now. Everyone. He encountered a smaller nation didn'd who had no matter. The villagers, different youth speaker than his antenna, butter. He was invited him with its group of a problem of his regular age, all alone village tell

length: 256, time: 5.266000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.613749
main thread - user: 5.1289 s, system: 0.1839 s
 Once upon a time, there was a huge bunny who was a rabbit. Every morning, the rabbit, nothing else ever like anyone had a bunny looking, and he wanted to help from day, but he had been travelling camp in the bunty those carrot. He had never had an answer to her body: he was even the nose to the night. He belonged there was an ancient, butter grew the heart. He was cool, it that day around a deeless. He wanted to startled, and he had been stuck. He would roll, he had been as long drive the forest around to gooeyed in every time tooth with wings. He had begun to the wrong dreamed loneliness. The way, and needed tooth he never feeling like this yesterday. When he's of the same. But he was to his name - nowhere - a furry, butter him now lost; the three days, he called taken toast, so long and so much longer after each sign trying nothing he lived once he met the Staring operation. "If he was like something rare silence - he had more rewarded night before the person. He was the sense of the time.
<s>


length: 256, time: 5.237000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.882948
main thread - user: 5.1500 s, system: 0.1359 s
 Once upon a time, in a busy town, there was a wild wood village, there was a small town full of trees. People. They soldhere. The forest was particularly, farmer. In the forest full of a village, freely, sweet little town by weekend, sad, old forest. The wild wind was full of birds were alive people who were full of running and everyone. The wild and one. People. They became hot winter. The buildings shaking very tall, old men, young village. People in the group of courage was born, stopped devinks were in need towers of the trees and the towns down of a big and there was full of the forest. The forest, fog. Everywhere across the village. Then, happy, booth of a youngest of heat of town and everyone there was filled sky surrounded by that day, dark, old forest near. The lands were a distant ones of a valley were no houses spent foresh houses and the village had large and theract of that village, old men who were a lonely, slowrip a young and the villagers were the village, day, b Facted fire and they were fighting village, notth of a rem month of all alone people, young life but

length: 256, time: 5.358000 s, achieved tok/s: 47.779022
main thread - user: 5.2861 s, system: 0.1200 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Sue who wanted to have a best of all by the night before she knew she needed a magical season. She was known that day. She decided to have a long in the night time. She had coming out, butter. She had been weak time, and that she needed to startled it! She had a chance. She was a daughter that nighttime decided to have never seen a new girl life in need to have been getting herself and she felt very long, butter and she was cold, day she had: she would never leaving it was an importantgoing, one since she had to imagine what so much more parents and she had to have an even though, and she was never going to trustly delivered immediately. She was a sore, butter a million night and that night before she was like it. She was determined to her night before her life for days ahead of feeling too big Papa and she felt full of planned in day and she lived, stars. She was too far away in the chance to dozed, no longer. She could feel of her dreaming that day to careless in the land. icy night. Every night, she never some kind and she was

length: 256, time: 5.029000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.904752
main thread - user: 5.0274 s, system: 0.0520 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little bear who was a fox, in the bunny who was wise bear. He was walking through a forest. He had a pocket in the meadow. He was lonthie. He was  Jones like a wild and he wanted toy bear and he was tired from the woods. He walked along with a trail through a different sheep, he approached, looking for a long amount of a long, only it. He had a long and one of his life. He enjoyed his cave, lonely wooden ones of a journey without one tinrow, white rabbitary den which he had found a farmer. The foxes of a long and he had seen one big adventure to live. The log with a long, green forest in a house farmer and he could sense of the same deer often, wild and he didn't. He was heavy heart. He loved in the way. The forest, determined and he could sense of muffy days when the woods and he belonged first time and he felt very weird adventure and furry disease feeling of a few weeks, different kind of a long, freeze, softly chosen, tired, buteroy’s of a path,

length: 256, time: 4.914000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.096052
main thread - user: 4.9117 s, system: 0.0560 s
 Once upon a time, there was a mild bird. She wanted to flyw, mama bird. She had a very much bigger and she flea lived in a special life. She had gone in a marriage. She wanted topping properly only allowing her nest of her nest and wanted to spend her feather, butterfly, butter. She loved by a lot of course, forgotten. Her family. As she could live and she could now, a few feat. It was more energized foothere, big bird she lived with the bird in their adventurely ordered earr Bew-dance and flewabies crash toy, she looked alone size and before bee-inish. With never helped her wings. But she could noive too much more beautiful, so many hopes to make sense of course, one of all she had her family and her nest in God't she had dream. Where she could fly. And because she met her fever feast and she was always in her tiredness and decided to want from now. She could he quickly and she just like a co-pery and her wings. She was the sky.
The loneliized happier and sound grew her heart was always

length: 256, time: 5.265000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.622982
main thread - user: 5.2146 s, system: 0.1040 s
 Lily and Tom are playing in the garden. She likes a big brother and hears his nameals is aunt is young girl. Healsateating his name. She is aunt Bob. A child who lives from that is aunt Emma. Heal for a lot of her name for aunt Tom and heal means. His age. His name is two of his name. She likes, she is he." Heal. He is his name. She takes him, she likes. He is not mean. He is her age. He is from Sam: he. She is aunt, but three,
Lily.
One day. He is a lotion. He is Lily. He likes and his name is mom and he. Lily, who is Tom. He is Sara and Sam. Like a guard Ben, they will. He is an infant. He is 1na. Mia. They like him and Ben and Lily. He likes. She is green and she is
Aunt Sam. She says he is very
<s>
 Once upon real. Doing. After a lotion. He likes. He is a talking toy. He can't, manyShe

length: 256, time: 5.256000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.706240
main thread - user: 5.1643 s, system: 0.1361 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Lola who was a messy woman. She loved toddler. She saw her owns of happy and she thought of feeling that day in the wood, she seemed at the world. She lived in the end in a chasing hands as she lived the night. She had never awecer of her throughout her city, the unheance, she never a big, and she could bee, when she was grateful.
“Joe was filled upst that day in the hours about toddhead of adventure earlymed great adventuriously and she was a good of a high, butter bath that day. She liked todder strength she never forgetting toes than she was like this weekly skieless with ease butter and she made her adventure, happy thoughts of the cur years. Every time, sadness had the suffering was passing one butter, gracefully with a bit ahead of the curiosity and her dreams of aahan, with a rustling tears in her adventure in a sense of hearts. Her way, she had todder energy of winter. When the icy day in the journey ahead of her feet, she could only way she

length: 256, time: 5.042000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.773503
main thread - user: 4.9802 s, system: 0.1079 s
 Once upon a time, there was a smart fox who wanted to escape. He wanted to escape. He wanted to escape, he could eat, but he needed to fly, he lived a plooice. He wanted to find a me among the forest. He was free life. He wanted to escape. The sunshine. He was freeze or much higher and fly, so happy and fleaigh it! He was never his journey often, butter away, having lots of a lot of your freedom and he wanted to obeyed on his exploring the farmy could take one way to another world to fly. One away, freeze. He was nothing long, butter. Bee-flowed in done. But he decided to escape. He wanted to be ok, it, he had a chance. His hard work died to travelled up in the world. He wanted to find his trying to go boring lung, now, finding a safe adventiding around, butter the hops of a journey, very long and he could be near a little children, he had no Eugen it, his way. He was not left and he was freeze in the place in a catching the left until he wanted to interest in

length: 256, time: 4.966000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.550544
main thread - user: 4.9393 s, system: 0.0760 s
 One day, a little girl named Mia went out to the zookeeper named Sarah went to the zoo with her nursery was a big boy named Joe who had a pet lodd. She couldn'sone. She was taking the big zoo. She climbed out. She said toy was a loyalpowered one animal friends and her best of the zookeeper named Judet, sign tonival. She couldn'dies: she could beamed act and he was a few weeks later in her no mattered walk dog and she couldn't, with ease called one and she was extra friend, and Mommy had toy. She wanted the current leapted by a bigger and her summer Land and he’sured to help of safe petting the zoo. She told her name. She had todder- none and aweed her size and she hadn'dots of her mom full of her near the town toy, her first day in her family.
Her animal with a different describe her new animal friends who lived and had more ad chiamer daughter who was the next. When she wanted to remember that was meant example of a few weeks. She had toer current dream of life, and fed up

length: 256, time: 5.107000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.127276
main thread - user: 5.0550 s, system: 0.1041 s
 Once upon a time, there was a family of a young girl called Emily and her daughter who lived. She was three years oldly and she wore her family, hers. Everywhere in the family, her mom and she was very excited, “Ie and her big sister, young girl who was called Jane. She and she loved to smile all by a very happy. She loved it was very happy and she heard about the village decided it was happy and excitedly mentioned the love - she had to explore liked to her grandma who was very happy village.
Granded, kind herself and she loved to know that way to always talking about the girl who lived in her favorite day, two adventuriously, healthy in need to love. Her mother, butter, butter. Everywhere in the storytime, soft share. Everywhere in her mother. One day she was over-dation of the towns. She had the different approach Winter said, butter. Everywhere in her dreams of her favorite guests. When she wanted toys were in the key afterwards, she had a reminder: when she had the love, happy farmer was becoming a new inspallodled because she loved it was a hugly

length: 256, time: 4.643000 s, achieved tok/s: 55.136765
main thread - user: 4.6439 s, system: 0.0480 s
 One day, a boy named Tim went to school with his mum and his parents, and he's could hear, he would change: his parents for help her helplitting outside called him. He seemed contented to help. He happfully said, he arrived. They had the story. His parents spent the hospital who, they’s of a few days before him. He went to work, he had better debrouump, because he had no mattering a lotion the work each year old neighbor, Timmy loved some unusual values came to helpers said, he was full of the day, being strong, he heard sickness and it. "Seeing this things that they were the conversation with the hard work, he hoped to explain for a job in a longbye to help of a few important advice of their home. He stopped feeling the last time he had the routine for the becoming playground. They were mes him returned from catching everything. But not feeling less tired of their adventure, and then he had said until they were like that mumsting them were debration to work. He liked to doctors for a long as he playedef. He would he yielders. Timmy budd he was

length: 256, time: 5.044000 s, achieved tok/s: 50.753370
main thread - user: 4.9515 s, system: 0.1400 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl, in a small girl named Jane. She was three-friendly loved toy bear. Her mum and she always eagerty girl called Dad and she was feeling this afternoonm Rose who was very small and family. Every morning. She visited for a bitternstal showed upstonyient. She wanted to goes, she loved taking herself when she was so close and she spent every day her teddy, she wanted to go on her parents, she got a grand time. She was always liked to drink with her tutor. Everywhere by herself, so much bigger to walk and today, as long, butter her birthr years and every morning and the weekend time and today, and she decided to reminding her to wear her grandma'doughing her mum and she liked to make-dots of energy that she loved to bears. She followed small hands and the big and she decided to go flying sursmith loved butter her days, she was one, butter in the consequences of the age – she always feeling so she always forgot to find the lovely brajoy routine, the regular life. She had become the courage, it was like a

length: 256, time: 5.235000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.901624
main thread - user: 5.1196 s, system: 0.1639 s
 Once upon a time, there was a family of a happy family of three-astrichies named Bob and Mom, a silly animals. They gathered the ones were sock, a family of three stuffed living in the family of three-gh was a mother bun chosen, grandma and told them and a couple of four-who, one who were the little ones. They were full of three-brecord, three-riors who had been living in their turkey. They lived in love incher; Mommy, three years ago. Inoded animals that day on theirbye and they called them all its family.
This year old Grandad, who already husband and were the family, with the life. Little ones who lived there, two-imated friends. TheLanguage, and they walked in a family. They were complete, one and one living happier and did in decision. One weekly, one child who were alligold family who lived together and they were married they all- member of one family and they always in a family of their six years of their lives happily who, with the daughter who always each like their names of the right eight… they all around them and were two friends. Even-run

length: 256, time: 5.508000 s, achieved tok/s: 46.477850
main thread - user: 5.4472 s, system: 0.1200 s
 Once upon a time, there was a family of a mommy and Little Jane who was walking in a chim bank. She had a forest in a lovely family as a hops. Every day she was a family that was a job in her traveling trip tight house butter trip - she went todd was full of a long out of her family who was feeling that day, so happily and she who lived and a happier and she wanted toast, indeed, to the helplebing buckets of a few years she’dots of her family - she shape Terr. She was a park, the attention of a happy and she was full of her daughter on her home to help. Everywhere of a panic petals-oved coming home. Her family. Everywhere between her father and they had a high-ooted about tock, while being taken in her small ordered dinner, she had her life. Each morning, she was a families taking her comfortably ready for aWhale: the infant who lived in the buyer needed helpers, the importance for helping herself. When she was known as her family. She had their pocket walked around family, she was a friend; she had toad showed by working town

length: 256, time: 5.011000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.087607
main thread - user: 5.0141 s, system: 0.0520 s
 One day, a little girl named Amy was playing in the park. She would take her parents log she went to join a nearby beached some conversation with her shopping her bags in her mother with music in the park and she was chosen to join in her parents for the park with her truds around the park around the park. They were in public with a big enough parents. He. She overwh controls from the park, "Maybe, she intotidy independent kest of their kind of her feetile language. She washter her along. She joining in wonder. She said. As move. She saw, when she wanted to goats of the park, she travel. They were the lovelyated instructions for something toy feet and asked for ooh of a swirl, del tim pointers toy feet in her outside of her swing, she saw as long, and they stayed, she needed toy feet, she had a mum and stom suddenly one big laughing and the footprints out, they found a few weeks, the carling violstore on a long process was the Club which supplied him, and that she was her feet, the town square, she arrived with the neighbourhood. A leader. She

length: 256, time: 5.125000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.951220
main thread - user: 5.0387 s, system: 0.1360 s
 Once upon a time, there was a camel, in a cute and rabbit cute little rabbit. He was playing outside, he was hooving a rabbit under a playful, with plenty of course in his adventurily being quick thinking about a wild animal who had lots of all year. He was a big zigator who was a great news. He was chater. He was in the winter, freeze, happy feeling the far and he had come from his hiding pride and he was like that day, he discovered that day, happy hopeless. The bunished forest. The forest. He was an adventure to arrive through the airport. He had been preparation of the wrong bunishing tomato, butter missed a perfect horse whisper in need to work he met someone else of somebody turt. He started to explore. He had heard lots of an even though, he had come from big sister and he spent his hiding among him, just tobreath pleasant cold and he finally his home, fascins of met a cozy adventures. Soon, butter that day in his camping hearts behind his no-inious forward, butter, he noticed, he had never

length: 256, time: 5.269000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.586069
main thread - user: 5.2004 s, system: 0.1160 s
 Once upon a time, there was a family of two friends, there was a little girl called Sarah and two children. They decided to have a family who had lives on a grandfather's and one. Her parents permitted each of course, their country and they wanted to not one day. One afternoon they decided they did. They were both of course, the other family. They decided to go on their travel. They were the love. They took their holidy who lived who lived in that day, they were of the two parents who lived and went to goats ashties, they had the two of one, one way to have been jog budd the biggest day, butfting and it. They wanted that day and they were very long and they did. 3 children from this house, butter, one who were very happy life together who had a longingly than big and they all over the family, and one day and they would beaming family, one and one happy shared happy and the holidled them lives and they had the same strong customers to need to love and they wanted to take what they loved each. They had no tradition had to have found themselves. Little girl and one familiar home to share. As they had

length: 256, time: 4.795000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.388947
main thread - user: 4.7940 s, system: 0.0560 s
 One day, a little dog named Spot was playing outside in the park. He was pushing his loyalty seesings in the park, butter downdoful. He discovered that some children who was running with his owner searching for a threat from new, up toys. He couldn'sumbled injured clothes. He had runger at no mattering a strange motion. He was leading the park been working now a sudden to throw. But, so much harder to work - butter, "Yes, st last year, butter. His child who was lost - a smile and his owner to his lines, butter he was there toys, happy puppy was more exciting toys for the rules, exploring. His owners, butter, and found a bites toy-in was curiousater, he was aaria means he would he had presented for the carting hisчкиa was difficult understanding the localping he was hard worker called down knows that he was his joyfully stepped in visiting, and different between everyone! There, and his big day, he went spread, or all day and his honor was a few cra visitors running past his answers, and had decided to make-in the monkey and he was eager

length: 256, time: 4.492000 s, achieved tok/s: 56.990205
main thread - user: 4.4807 s, system: 0.0600 s
 Once upon a time, there was hopped and Sarah. She was so fit rabbit. She was in the garden, she was the little girl looking she didn'tled at the forest. She hoop, and she was taken aweed. She emerged in the priest who was all over time in the forest. She was freezing. She ranny sat by the honey, one way to seeed in search planned for a small nestlder an owl. She felt like that day and no amount of herself. She completely more excited, her tea - her mommy't pushed her energy begin to brestri almost as long, with big change: she covered in unheling her dressing her size and she was so close because she had caught her kickedness of her Room went on the limit!
Sud to the fake, her feet and full of what she made understanding the time, three of both the left when Sarah. She was beneath her heart full of her soup of her heartful adventure, a bites, one who went on her presence and she was the process. She was the stranger, shadows, butter that triped her mother and beautiful moments in the friendship, she had never hiding

length: 256, time: 4.512000 s, achieved tok/s: 56.737589
main thread - user: 4.5173 s, system: 0.0440 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl who was playing in a group of a seal which, she came true group of a barty, she — she went visited a young girl. She who went out of relyise. The children. They lived the children in a group of a happiest girl who lived in the two adventure, two of the world. She never very happy, with only big group with someone else far away from her journey station - she grew up housey age, young girl who lived in her life. She was very different cane; she had an adventures of her family that day at seaed years that day she. icy around each day. She came toys.  girls who was huneliable companionive friendship and she was a group of the value, humest of heraghering team of the complete kingdom, observing hard chipty: a chest she was as sure of her little girl, and they lived in search. Her owners, happy and together at no mattered life.
But more adventure, modern and she knew she had aloneest she loved, butter that day she suddenly discovered that she realized she was out of the infant, eager towards her heart. She had

length: 256, time: 4.773000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.635030
main thread - user: 4.7700 s, system: 0.0480 s
 One day, a little girl named Amy went to a deer cub was very excited to explore the hospital. She was very eager princessing her search for many days ahead of exploring the search for a long and determined of life. She had the hottings with her exciting mystery. She was happy world. She slowly and dreamed to this one special parents and she was expectingiest things in touching again since she would always full of her steps forward. When she wanted to receive every day, eager to find the city. Each day to beams, fre snowman in fact she wore a new adventure in the unknown couldn'ting the business truck and she hoped that night that day of her family members of her heart- sat with a run through the beginning to learn come from now. Everyday clothing experience of visiting todderizing failures, butter, explorised anticipation todder ignore in unexpectedly encountered, butter was able to go to design across her roending courage, family all overcuse her journey. She was to her accept that day of her in the experience. She heard about the grounded to arrive of all because she knew that her family of flying, butter was more advent

length: 256, time: 4.629000 s, achieved tok/s: 55.303521
main thread - user: 4.6315 s, system: 0.0440 s
 Once upon a time, there was a young wild sunny daughter of three year old girl who was Lucy. She was wee-time, Jack. She went to the little girl who was three years old and her family. She wanted an amazing, who lived in her life: mum, she had - she couldn'dots of a beautiful around the garden, six years old, she had never met a long, kind and enjoyed bloor sisters ability of a youngest she had a long, scared by a sweet and happy prey strengthfully hung short time too longingly a very close by herself. She had wanted the fins; her mother and she had to her grandparizing that day on the sides. She lived in her neighbours of fear of course near a spirit that she loved life. She was full of love. She loved it. Sudshine. She had a good deed one who loved to her family telling her face for many happy life with that day, happy and she was the first person experience so much bigger life and lives. She knew beyond. She had a bowlained animal situation, shy bond before someone else honey. She had waited that she could live; one who ranure, and every

length: 256, time: 4.955000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.664985
main thread - user: 4.8775 s, system: 0.1239 s
 Once upon a time, there was a baby elephant elephant walk. He saw him and hisHe was on the village. He had a very big, unknown name and he had a rather fear of a cow, ugly parents. He had long, strong walk. He was the safety, big, fastest of his owners and he had a hardworking in his country, new home answered curious and his body, big, scared thoughts. He was feeling sickness and so they were to beet, scared him in need job and he hardly had a million legs, brave and so much bigger, strong and no mattered hunger than a long and he wanted to dogging twice, strong and no matter, heavy black and he felt like he was strong and came from the m confidently still and he hadn's of his owners, like their path of himself. He was the journey between his heart. He had never seen the busy life. He braver. Little village, he had theso who he wanted to choose. The experience struggled - the brave too suffociously realized of the suffering. He still. Everywhere butter. They long and he did. He wanted to live as long, he was strong

length: 256, time: 5.497000 s, achieved tok/s: 46.570857
main thread - user: 5.4274 s, system: 0.1240 s
 Once upon a time, in a small village, there was a small town, calm and summer, far away in nature that evening, the world around town, everyone around the town, big mountain. The town, life, side of the town, beautiful summer sky lit sunset. Everywhere farmer Thomas heard the country, full life came to beaches had a mystery came to the forest—it was full of the world was filled, surrounded by a country with a happy and life. Every season of the country filled of the war appeared.
One day, not as wide world! Every day, a rain, but winter, fog came to live, cold and the world wonder that day, and the beginning with nooks, summer, life there was full of the joyfully greNew night. Everyone warned it was a small town of the village. It was full of everyone who everything was happening. The world made it was a deep, enjoying the village, the east began of nature.
<s>
 Once there was a few new village up above of people ever happy and everyone in the village of a small village. The village spread of a small village of nature. The smoke of the village filled and the barrel. The festival, normal village, beautiful

length: 256, time: 5.337000 s, achieved tok/s: 47.967023
main thread - user: 5.2565 s, system: 0.1320 s
 Lily and Ben were playing with her dolls. She liked toysitting the fire. Lily got her toy Lily could noty animals that many clothes she liked toys forles. Anna liked toys. She made. She never got a new flowers. She liked toy animals and Ash in a shorts her big oranges and it. They were broken invention. Her name for playing with him. They were in the best friend who had a big stews it by a mouse and the fl stroidled each friendship. Anna.
<s>
 Once upon Spot liked the windows. She picked. Anna and dollar. He was her name quickly. She made herself in the game-Aunt sat by a dollar was Lola before one gifted one dolls toy dolls of a run away. Lily, one small garden, purr and round he is a new girl and scratches everyday dolls from the truck and one of them. She did. blocked her sad toy clothes, channels in cars and she was a dolls. It was Lily stuck in the pieces of a long, boels. Anna, let her creation. She played with their love. One day. She had holes

length: 256, time: 4.901000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.234238
main thread - user: 4.8152 s, system: 0.1359 s
 Once upon a time, there was a famous storytody man who walked by a young boy who was testinger. Hemer and he was angry. He wanted everyone was really, he needed some company brought his ordinary. He was a walk in the samerew swimming and his landscape himself, showing in his village or on a very fearful, butter. He wanted to lead. He wanted a lot of the town who was more ignored the harmless, he not in the village. He hoping that day that day before him was ignorant and he wanted to fight the corner of life, but generous early and very troubled he had nobody had a situation that day and he missed a happy and he still, butter. He had no other people were known vanishing the answers that it, but thisAs he hadn't of his exciting what he couldn'll else that day before him to doomed him tried to gained to stay. Some of a bridge that made him: nothing more generous means; he knew that the words about the situation made him in need to the electricity, butter, butter that his journeyed introduced the family from a scendeed life signs, all, butter to work well of

length: 256, time: 4.845000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.837977
main thread - user: 4.7928 s, system: 0.1000 s
 Once upon a time, in a small town by the river, there lived a beautiful swampway was perfect lake with a mountain. Everyone, a forest embzer, thunder pond of different village, little stream full of aasp, healthy waters was full of year, the edge. The land, sun was a whole goose of three of golden coin. The horizon. There, it was filled with wide and although there was the land and the down below of a terribling river, bigger and there were full of joy they were a lightning ice and the wood. It was Halloween Dream come extraordinary/anda and life and everyone. Unbrother of the happiness - there; they all around them. The priceed forest below of tall and the trees and everyday, beautiful ancient forest around the forest surrounded by the lake and weaker of the trees, which the two of the lake forests of many unknown. The forest. Everyone, golden eggs that was full of the second. All of the forest. It was filled summers of the forest. People below of the one, deep, wonderful Hannver because of pond below of the cold and a single room surrounded by the otter. icy crystal into a

length: 256, time: 5.296000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.338369
main thread - user: 5.2247 s, system: 0.1201 s
 Tom and Lily liked to camp very fast. They set off to camp in the woods with their tent in the woods with their camp. They camp. They take a tent and camp. They camp washed water forts and camp with their tent. They drove. Mom and camp and camp from camp. They drive and camp. They are on their camp in their camp. They would feeders, many camp. They made them camp. The camp. They camp far and float and camp in the camp. They took them for a fire and camping the camped camp and camp away to sleep and camp in the camp on the camp. They have a few weeks then, with the camp every night toys for the camp. They teach, Mom at camp every morning, they go by camp. One road meet in the camp every night and rocket ship. They wonders. Mom and camping upstrthed in campfire and camping and camp. They set a camping their camp. They go for days aheades. It is the camping and camp and camp by camp: camp. They will every morning they are a tent. Two camp, on the camp in the camp there, when they caniness. There

length: 256, time: 5.197000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.259188
main thread - user: 5.1104 s, system: 0.1360 s
 Once upon a time, there was a modern house Superman Joe and a little boy calledado. He was a couple of the person who lived a judge who was a stranger Joe. He had a bald child. He was powerful boy and he wanted to come in his way toddler. He was very poor child. He quickly explor of a compasste his life, he had a threat of their child who lived in the two of the family. He was scared lived in an old man who had a long, mighty strong and he had to beamed young youth, grateful toad weren, happy child who was in the lowest person who only one life. Joe who was the bear. One day and he wanted toddler that he was nightmates in a warounds, three. He knew that day, and he was slow and knew he had toddler, he knew he had some life and he did not one condition, a long, butter adventure in his life. He was a threat overo reasonsed by the handsome man with
<s>
 Once some of the bad man never left side of his owners who could fit and he decided to work ago, independent and he was one day at first time, butter who

length: 256, time: 5.714000 s, achieved tok/s: 44.802240
main thread - user: 5.6308 s, system: 0.1319 s
 Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Sally. She was walking, she noticed a old family, she had taken her sister and today was alone usual bed that troubled. She was feeling her journeying her adventureled walk in the garden explorer herself in the night. She had arrived in the deep and she had aweed who had been out of the story Returning through a whilst her journey - the nightnit, anxious, loved her hearted foreshly travelling freshest moment, as she had finally to the same kind and decided todder house. As she had a lifetime, and she had to grat instinct’ve. Sudheing for coat on her attpola’s of a lesson and she had been searching for not one of her dart, a valleyed to hadn'tled because she hadn'tled, no mattered by a strong and skinled her colwork of a change. The next morning of a difficult walk when she seen the joy, she part of the warmest moment of the fear of her journey ahead of her journey, high, she hadn't she had no matter: a long journey ahead of daughter who she had never forgotten of growing ahead of her journey

length: 256, time: 5.292000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.374906
main thread - user: 5.2196 s, system: 0.1240 s
 One day, a small cat named Olive went out walking on a sunny walked in the street. She saw in the world,ay. She walked, to a mountain, watching the morning sunny and near the winter without her way. It was a don's of a frightened route, to many shapes in the grey and noticed a few weeks went by the way. Oil'tled side of a nearby forest and soon, she wasn'there the distant hill and often, there. But while as she found a few days ago, she noticedled road hills, when she heard the ground and the ground in the sun giant hill, she cared daughter who was a timer started. She was very dark cave that day that day and she shook it made it was an confusing one of her investigate of the horses standing rockle went on her. It was soaked ground, of the foamine path and she knew about to the grassen and the morning, new and she wouldn's and there, butuddables could sometimes, the little birds was full of a new journey. Oiser, there were one grey elephened the long time in the east. She's of a fireman cold

length: 256, time: 5.564000 s, achieved tok/s: 46.010065
main thread - user: 5.4717 s, system: 0.1400 s
 One day, a bright sunny little girl named Mary and the old lady met a 3 cub enjoyed her heat of her earlyown. She jumped language of a warming with a child went outside outside of dream. She had come to the big smiling family that day, happy, white angels knew that the nurse and young girl noticed her young girlsing kindness in the creature and she was filled upon her name, joy in the child and kindness in the singing that she got a new person who she had a smile. Before anaw bunnelful look in the child who was a delic child who loved her dress. Her Hannah who had just like that day and she was the boy and she knew that winter, she had no mattering time the night before she was a feeling it made her as she realized she was her in the day of the bree toy lonelelyvey's of her name at first time the child, like a beginning of the girl: the hugly been de enjoyed some of stories of her heart. The time toance had come from all over her strength towards think of lightning, the sunshine. As she loved to life. She's of the heart and she loved

length: 256, time: 5.135000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.853944
main thread - user: 5.0521 s, system: 0.1319 s
 Once upon a time, in the cold summer, there was a little town, there was a small boy called Bob’s of the dark night. He was only child. Everywhere which he saw itchy, boy, a boy who was: he was alone. He was happy and he felt cold and there was cold airstight he had a bit scared of a wonderful, he shy got very cold cold. He was the night and yet much to the night. He needed an animal. He spent outside there to help of the winter how slightly home. He was too. He needed toast and he was indeed about with awoend, he and he asked the child and he encountered and he had a lot of the first night he didn's of the icy winter when he felt the shy fabric cold, freezing. When the heat of the night. He wee-it. He had to his shy night. All seen something cold ghost, he was that day from a few days about to the cold, alone, butter on his heart and he and cold. He wanted to doctors and he had no amount of the day with no mattered night he was soaked with no matters of the snow evening at

length: 256, time: 4.881000 s, achieved tok/s: 52.448269
main thread - user: 4.8127 s, system: 0.1159 s
 Once upon a time, a young bug lived in a snail, Timmy- inches, Sam, in a mighty tiny songs of course was three year old mountain made of course in a great, they. He had gone. Samantha. As a beautiful, from his friend was a tiny babby, two family, four years and he was a long, flutter. He flea’s in an old manaking; he found himself. Sammy and he pointed, as well and he called Bntil and he had just yet spering around and a beautiful bird family.
Sammy called Grandpa, he often gone. He had a gaspstan. They moved close to the endless T contact was the wind called Turt.  last he was looking about one he was born on a giant family: his first night. He loved to bee-ended age, one determined willy, but strong times as long, butter in his harmless of kind and itchy part of course and it was like he was the end. He saw, sax dreams it. But as he was now three years of course was the one
<s>
 Once and he was alive live by a differentbelowa’s. He was the

length: 256, time: 4.938000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.842851
main thread - user: 4.8455 s, system: 0.1399 s
 Once upon a time, there was a mommy called Daddy and Duck. Ducks. Ducks and Ducks were sitting in a family. Duck. The family. Little Red and Ducks and Ducks were very clumsy bears. Ducks were called the oldest. Ducks, Ducks. Ducking them, duck and Duck! Ducks, and Ducks." Ducks. Ducks. Ducks. Ducks! Dolly the navy and Ducks the father, Ducks, Ducks.rvas of Gus were dangerous poured and Ducks. Gus couldn'daughs. Ducks. Ducks, Ducks. Ducks! Ducks! Ducks, geese. Wead, Ducks could bears lived,re experiences. Goats. Ducks. Ducks were notuna and Ducks and Ducks - Ducks! Ducks and geese, Ducks were Ducks, all on the Big!” Ducks!"
Every day, mole, Ducks. Ducks

length: 256, time: 4.767000 s, achieved tok/s: 53.702538
main thread - user: 4.7669 s, system: 0.0480 s
 Once upon a time, there was a family of a little girl called Mark who went to a rich, Sally who was so happy and decided to lose her parents who lived. She was feeling three years of herself. She was a very happy and alone. She would love with no mattering her young heartest who wanted to wee-to use her body. She hoped she had a long, but she was going on her search for a neck. She was to have one day, graceful three years of beginning to have no amount of hope that day when she was a happy now yet, but she had been the experience to always feeling wiser than far away, happy, butter she discovered they rewarded for a child, she had died, butter daughter always found her first. Her age and she was grateful for a person in the most loved to think. She decided that she had longing about the love and her life at theuch-the beginning, butter: she was very wonderful, curious child, she would never feeling content and she had an available replied, everyday unnderead they had to carry time to always notice another child. She realized that she was the hung deep bluebird who was forgotten, wondering how close in the happ

length: 256, time: 4.964000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.571313
main thread - user: 4.8860 s, system: 0.1238 s
 Once upon a time, there was an elderly, a young boy who was a chubby bear living by the smoke. He was standing in the eye who was a family of a house that day of a very lumberian man before him, only one firetress who was an old man in disbelyness of his life. He stopped living inside. He was a modest heening the night sky full local bear. Heal. Everyday that day, and he was sobbes, and his side of his beloved separatelying in the thouse and he and he soon. He was carrying aweanled him proud, he had a greeting the berred human who had a while a child, a family. He around a pet, and all alone age. He never felt like he was searching ashamed child. He avoided. He stepped in the honey in need to a few years of the lonely,” he was a bitter and he felt sad old mane, with theірth call and he was a lifetime. He had died known village, looking in the one of the time wisan, his life. Annie, a young man one beneath him tall mountains in needle-or of his curiosity

length: 256, time: 5.012000 s, achieved tok/s: 51.077414
main thread - user: 4.9240 s, system: 0.1361 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl. She was very brave day, very smart girl who was so excited, she was feeling happy. She was walking in peaceful and she wanted to prepare. As she was excitedly dressing, she wanted to learnled with courageous, she was walking, curious and excitedly getting back in the day, she was, her hearted and she was rewarding something new, she noticed how far ahead of that day ahead of her way. She wanted to makeing in the journey ahead of a long and seeing something new and decided that she started to have some further in the journey ahead of her mummy'd it.
<s>
 One day as she wanted to explore outside at the sunny step out standing there. She took her very, aigt-gOut of the day ahead of her journey ahead of her school she was like this adventure to finding that from touching in fact that day. She was to go. She wanted to pass, she ended butter a wonder. She might. She finished exploring her journey ahead of a bit out of her adventure, she had to this day, butter: for a journeying her journey ahead of the adventure, when she is important less

length: 256, time: 5.258000 s, achieved tok/s: 48.687714
main thread - user: 5.2022 s, system: 0.1039 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little boy who was challenging, his journey. He wanted to travel to travel. He wasiumer up ahead of a puffy sailed for seconds, he had always one while he was searching for far and love, but he had been so much deeper ever lonely almost lost, journeys, content and he had to gopit, but he was to makeed to dozed looking for days ahead of feeling great adventure and he was thief and having so much more lonelinated in the journeyed for one amazing the wildboards. The journeyed around people even on a lot of a long and he had to a lot of a slow and his journey. He felt determined plan. He soon he wanted to a long and in need to the distantatience. He was through life. He never feeling of his journey he was too confident. He needed more inspired, searching to the gle happier and far away. He couldn've never ventured with hope. That way, butter. He eventually, butter himself. But he had no mattery days of a long and was actually forgetful. So he knew to his dream about the journey to finder courage to gritching back of

length: 256, time: 5.472000 s, achieved tok/s: 46.783626
main thread - user: 5.4293 s, system: 0.1000 s
 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Flo and she was walking with a chased a little white reindea who was in the world. She walked in the world knows she met herself in the woods. She continued out of something. She was a while and she had a wooden walk she met herself because she soonhere in the farth who was brave, the forest and she called a handsome man through an adventureed whenever she strongest of a dart. This world. As she was a bright red. Everywhere inched, butter world toe and no afraid of three of graceful like a distance as long pointing that day, wrig sight of a beautiful bunately child who approached her owners. People throughout the world. When she heard those unknown land where she met, happy actions, two hands, two friends that day, butter and she had a lively and she was her heart, so high again, butterfly, the forest. She was the courage, butter, butter slickout her Good and she was still, she had sudden toars of her lost and so much closer as she wanted to spirit, she was a familiar voice, her name, butter. Everywhere around

length: 256, time: 5.134000 s, achieved tok/s: 49.863654
main thread - user: 5.0636 s, system: 0.1200 s